[Music]
[Laughs]
[Applause]
[Music]
come on
those members and those likes
and I'll give you a second one, let's go
man [ __ ] the nutritionist
[ __ ] the nutritionist man and the
diet
redoxon
redoxon to improve
complement Look eat vegetables and fruit
Okay, eat vegetables and fruit
exercise every day and
complement your diet with this
product that is useless but is
fpvente Thank you Mr. Doctor Many
thank you
Oh it doesn't sound it doesn't sound
It doesn't sound real, it's no good in these
pills well let's see it looks pretty
It looks pretty, can you put a light on it?
behind you put a light bulb behind it and
It makes an effect on you in the room if
You have a Setup It looks good on you, handsome
Xavi, you rascal, how could you do that?
video montage you have no shame pig
well well well well let's see I've played
The video is a little bit fake. It's fake.
the video goes
wow The video is fake wow wow Yes yes
Yes, yes, yes, yes, it's a montage. Well, family.
As you already know, let's see this, which is a
a little crazy this is the other one now
because well this isn't crazy today either eh
Okay guys
Okay guys, let's go straight to the point.
Yesterday at 4 in the morning Javi condemns
coscu please coco
condemned
without being able to give rise to appeal
impossible to appeal against a final conviction
Okay, listen to me, family. What a mess.
live that we did yesterday at 5
the morning here laughing with the haters
that they are sick, sick, sick
bad bad bad I wouldn't know
I don't know whether to react now.
to the comments on my video today
or leave it for later when we see the
Dallas video is worth watching live
directly, they will give it what will be uploaded
complete worth from what I understand
And from what they have been able to transmit to me
my Sources
that are not the Cibeles Precisely it is
a face of this to take redox all
come and take a reduction that is very
rich
It's like a tank. Hello gentlemen, it looks like
very handsome as always I hope this
Excellent Thank you Look at that gap
t-shirt now
shirt because I come I come wearing a shirt
I come in a shirt because I come from a
serious direct
I come from serious live telesalseo that
we have done this night then I have
has arranged me for the occasion
But here I unbutton my shirt and
I'm getting into a naughty mood here I am
younger than there Well here I am younger
old that there because here of course I
you treat someone like an adult
that paying attention to him should not go and there in
Your Honor, I am like a child, although all
They want to know, they are like my mothers.
Your lordships are like my mothers, but oh well
Go straight to what we did yesterday, eh?
literals with montang no but or that is
literally what is being announced
This guy is like a Tank. Let's see, don't you?
helps nothing in your [ __ ] diet, okay?
helps absolutely nothing is a
scam But hey it's like a Tank
In my time there were even Coca-Cola ones.
this envelope
bombshell information
bomb information bomb information
Dallas is going to upload the full live stream.
What's going on, of course, let's see
It's pure magic, put it for donations.
but now a kiss, a kiss, good hanger that
It's been a while since I saw you
grandparents the direct and womanizing ones by the
streets
The full debate is going to be uploaded.
What's going on, of course, let's see this guy has
taken
Roman, a very handsome kiss, how are you today?
I didn't see you on gossip TV or in the piece
of live shows we've done
exclamation mark
exclamation people or we reach 100
Kelvin on telesalseo took the churro away
WiFi and there is no Street Dease we should
reach 100,000 tesa man 99,000 today
if we will arrive now no but it is that but
It's that well, now I know that neither
I want to be asking him all day
things to the kids yesterday thanks to
the kids are here, there are 7 left
Reaching 99,000 in telesalseo is still missing
seven in telesalseo to reach 99,000
uncle
Javi Hitler is here today I have seen him
I've seen it, I've seen it already there
I've already seen him whining around here
I've seen him whining, uncle, he's so
fatal I mean, people are like that
These haters from Dallas to this A
These bad guys are like these bad guys
Licker, you have to treat it like what it is
are
You have to treat them as what they are
special people
They are weird people, damn it
really weird people dude I mean
I unbanned everyone yesterday and it has
He is aware and you are commenting, that is
This guy from Iclear hugs a [ __ ] year
commenting there bum bum bum bum all the
days without seeing your messages
Have a redoxon and Claire
In this chat we condemn coscucara
smiling with fire sunglasses gentlemen
We just reached 99,000 on TV
gossip we just reached 99,000 in the
telesalseo But what is this Dallas is going to
upload the full live from last night
said
Last night I told you that I told you last night
what was my theory
my theory was that my theory was almost
100% that when neither of the two
were saying nothing after that
They cut the live when none of them
the two were saying nothing it was because
they would be recording it but if it was
It was the most logical thing to think that, uncle.
also that my blood pressure is going down
Come on, man, the kid is doing it
a straw to think about it I'm about to say
the truth is the lame face to the cape to the cape
also that I take it you also promised
that you would take off your shirt or if it were
so yesterday if it had been Yesterday already today
after the event, no no, no, after the event, it's not worth it.
It's not worth it. Today I can propose later when
There are more people to see if it is posted here today
Yesterday we were here 5,500 people at 4
a.m.
If this is set today, it will force you to do everything
the world to subscribe to three SEO
and that we reach this same plate
evening
man there were a bunch of fools in
Twitter a bunch of fools
saying
Dallas has gone to some town That
some who live in the town
literally
literally clear
this this is a thing that I know it's like
very common is like very common because
as something you wish would be done
reality to satisfy yourself and
Just because you repeat it many times doesn't make it go away.
to make a reality Dallas has gone
to the people Haha Dallas has fled what the hell
He has fled, uncle, but apart from that
you have to be very stupid apart from that you have to
be very stupid uncle
Don't insult Javi Ecles, you idiot.
idiots that we are in the canijo no
We're on TV gossip. Let's see why.
You think I came with the
shirt that I wear a shirt that I wear
I put on the tank top as it is
late imbecile you'll see how I insult you
Well, let's see, family
that no but yes that the poster itself
[ __ ] shitty sign that he put up
[ __ ] shitty sign that you put up already
I was saying that he was cutting himself off
directly because they did not agree
where to transmit it was not to you
saying Dallas hasn't introduced herself no
It would have been that I really
love that what happened last night happened to
see the bunch of bad guys, the bunch of
Bad guy, okay, really, he took you away.
the Dallas girlfriend that is what you have
It is a fact that you are like this with him
Hey man, when we see the debate, well.
There will be things we agree on
with him Give him things that he doesn't know but he is
that you are already predisposed to an opinion
I'm already going, I'm already predisposed too
an opinion by the way
What happens is that mine is the right one.
What happens is that mine is the right one
the doctor is going to be ridiculous okay
plot that I don't know before that
that they record it, edit it and see it
four hours
and see me for four hours but it looked
come and no longer. I mean, it was seen coming, right?
It was coming, not there yesterday, haha
Dallas wasn't the king of debates haha
Dallas has left the other one behind but man
Saying no is putting that on you If in the
poster says something else
Dallas bleach bleaching the
ass based on Carlos Alberto's jam
Meza Guevara, you're a [ __ ] fool.
a kiss a kiss
I, but Abraham, I don't know what they will have
took his girlfriend when he was little
the kids give it to you so that you can do it
has left them so traumatized because they don't
I know they are real yes
will have passed by giving him a night with his
Mothers, what else do I understand?
true as I was seeing there in
Twitter and I was saying but it's time
[ __ ], go away
You, poor Hitler, who has hit himself
a [ __ ] year commenting in the chat
without us reading it and in the
moment that the van has been removed
appeared in the chat uncle a little bit of
Hitler hides shame even if it is hidden
well overall
before going to see what they have uploaded that
It was more than evident that the debate
They were recording privately but come on
that I didn't even need him to come
and Claire to tell me, that is, it was more than
evident
it was more than obvious
total
Mr. Doctor
that at about 9 in the morning around there
When they finish debating the doctor who
there is still the doctor who is still
climbing Dallas shorts uncle who is
still climbing Dallas shorts uncle
that your Twitter is about Dallas, dude
that your Twitter is about Dallas
and come Dallas shorts and come show
from Dallas and has left the link fixed
has posted the link to the fake
direct for which he was monetizing and
receiving donations from the Poor People
these
okay, they are the same
that are the same Look at the same ones that
My poor people are donating there
the same ones who are donating there are the ones
the same ones who started complaining that
late or go to bed two euros Oh scammer
that cost two euros is late or and they are
there donating to Mr. Doctor because
put your [ __ ] name on the screen there
uncle
says arcox Javi they only know how to get you into things
They don't call you Uncle Arkox, you see that I
has called you to appear in the
chat
you see that I have called you
What the [ __ ] are you doing in my chat?
the same the same the same guys
let's see, let's see if, let's see if, let's see
If I understand this, let's see if I understand it.
this guy
gossipmongers due to a change without
prior notice on the platform
transmission by the review we give
for this transmission to be finished, it will go
the [ __ ] transmission is over
[ __ ] delete it what the [ __ ] does this do upload
on your channel
You need some coins, Mister.
doctor
You need a King savings, they are worth 3
euros in Spain only
You need some coins, damn it.
What do I know if the live broadcast is not working, delete it or
so that you leave a 40 minute video here
venous for four hours a kiss a
kiss here bothering you as if you
you had something to do with what they do
third parties or undo But what the hell is that
I don't understand this video, a 40-minute video
minutes which is his name in the
screen and then the sign saying that
that the live show is cut off because it is not
can they do it then why the [ __ ]
leaves
why the hell do you leave it up?
take it off
remove it delete it
but of course it doesn't delete it because it's a
little tick
okay a little tick okay look
Look what you have, Mr. Doctor, with 2
millions of subscribers see what
you have waiting for your next premiere
uncle that opens in an hour uncle and
you have the premiere in a premiere
which premieres in an hour 24
users waiting
24 users waiting
but you know what's the strongest thing, man?
Of course, this is already the YouTube algorithm.
YouTube algorithm that only or
at the moment they are
working one thing the algorithm of
YouTube, punish yourself and upload something else.
different then as for example if
you are uploading news and suddenly
you upload a different video, boom, you already have it
loads no one sees it, okay, that's how it is
Okay, so if you are uploading a channel that
This seems like it's given without filter 2. So
This is literally Dallas Unfiltered 2
Well now we don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ].
what goes up and you're going to get hooked give it and
You're not going to let go of his arm, go yourself.
you know how much time it takes but it's that
on top of that, on top of that, he had the
pelotasa has had the pelotasa Because
they still have the rennet, it's still worth it
They have the nerve to post the first tweet
when the first tweet came back
first tweet when we are going to see the
first tweet when he returned is Dallas
He did not broadcast the video live, he said that
your computer was not working you are stupid you are
I'm a fool if they catch me and tell me
There is no direct my computer is not worth it
Well, I take it and say, well, if you
computer is not worth it you buy another one and
Tomorrow we will have the debate. But you are
very short uncle you are stupid that you have
wanted to put in a place that you don't know
bullfighting is worth it
I agreed to record the debate which lasted
four hours
you agreed to let him record it
you agreed to be recorded
They are pathetic, man, and now look at this one
In this cheap populism, look at this
very cheap populism, look at this
clowning look at this clowning he spoke
of topics that I asked him not to talk about death
from his father, of course, man, let's see clearly
sure touch your [ __ ] touch your [ __ ] and
there will still be people who defend him
There will still be people who defend it or
be the first uncle sets 28 conditions
that had to be fulfilled is worth 28
conditions the uncle to accept a
debate to Dallas says look Dallas that
What you say is debate, this is not
They are debate that what you call debate
That is not a debate to be a debate
for it to be a debate it has to have
moderator
speaking turns times in turns
by word be broadcast on the Channel of a
third presents exercise 303 of the
1997 income tax return
public
400 super chat 300 members and one aunt
that man fans my feet for
Please set 28 conditions.
The guy accepts your conditions
clear 28 absurd conditions that are
I thought Dallas wasn't going to be a good fit.
to accept voucher it was believed that Dallas would not
I was going to accept them, it gives him 28 [ __ ]
conditions are accepted by Dallas and
when they are accepted It turns out that
Suddenly the Mr. Doctor who clearly
who wanted what he thought he had
tied up was the theme of
lose weight
the topic the topic he got into with
Dala's stepfather was a pig
but a [ __ ] pig, that is, if you go
Let's see, man, whoever defends this is the one
to defend this. I mean, you can have your opinion.
of the topics that come out of your [ __ ] if
Dallas has taken and made a video
about the father Well you can give the
news in a newscast you can
Hey, look at Dallas.
I think it has broken, it shouldn't have
exposed his feelings well Okay
can really be done
point number one point number one me
when I'm watching a broken boy with
the unexpected because it was completely
unexpectedly we are going on a three-week plan
until the day the man left Vale
when I'm watching a broken boy
for the unexpected death of his stepfather
from a relative with whom I had so much
touch
and that he is in the Duel saying that
Negligence is the last thing I know
The last thing that happens to me is
my head is to start debating if you have
right or wrong that it is
negligence when I wasn't there
when I wasn't there but it's that
worse is that in the [ __ ] video you tell it to yourself
You watch the [ __ ] video and the guy is giving it to him
the reason for Dallas in everything in every way
medical errors simply became
to contradict him because he visits
take the opposite to Dallas and because
demands to this type of to this type of
audience that we have seen today here at the
chat okay But well what you can't do
do Good or you can do it if you are a
Corrino you can do it but what you
you can't do is upload a video and
put
Dalas lied about this or well I don't remember
of the literal words but something like that
as the real reason why
Father of Dalai died
to not say anything because if you still go
to reveal the true reason because
not yet
Well, it's normal that the kid has you
disgusting and that I want to bring up this topic in you
the debate And if you have done it, that is worth it
Hey, you can do whatever you want.
each one is worth as much as he is
one as is you can do it you can do it
It's okay to do it, you do it, but it's normal that
If you ask him for a debate, he will take you out
that topic what you can't do is
that
I asked him
I'm talking about a topic I asked not to talk about.
What this means is very simple.
If you have set 28 conditions for
that you accept the debate And suddenly you
He sweats his [ __ ] in all conditions and
none of the conditions are met
when he agrees not to talk about the father
Okay then here it is revealed for the one who
for the one who is stupid it has not been given
tell what your true intention was
with the 28 the 28 the 28 requirements
your true intention with the 28
requirements is that you know very well that
You are a pig on the subject of the father
and you wanted to veto a topic
and you wanted to veto a topic then
If you want to veto a topic, then tell him: Hey
that you are in your right eh that I
The best thing is that I wanted to veto some topic
but don't challenge don't challenge to debate and don't
sell as if the other doesn't love you
accept a debate tell him Look don't you
you want to have a debate, why not?
I have the answer to keep it that way
your father's theme
throwing factors a kiss Maribel heart
but it still has the rennet
it still has the rennet, okay?
the guy still has the guts to [ __ ] and
I asked him not to monetize the video because
respected his father and never accepted his
errors
I asked him not to monetize the video. I mean you
you still believe and well yes of course you do
believe because in fact there will be people who do it
have applauded and said how humble
not monetizing, what a nerve Dallas has
monetizing there will still be people like this
There will still be people who will have
I applauded this tweet and asked him not to monetize it.
That is, in an exercise in which you already
you feel completely cornered that in
those four hours so hard until
in the roof of the mouth
because we go so close together in those
four hours is in the roof of the mouth
colleague so so close the review of your
life you no longer ask for chumas debate now
from now on a few quiet ones and
videos of the lungs and blood cells
red and white blood cells because
so close in those four hours the
review of your life, colleague, you know and when
you have been given the review of your life
you want to appeal to populism that still
I'm telling you, so there will still be people
say very well very well bravo Dallas
has no dignity in monetizing yet
there will still be people there will still be people who
have the nerve just like this guy
ask not to monetize
to ask not to monetize
not monetize the guy, that is, the guy has
left a direct the guy has left a
straight
the guy has left a live
the guy has left a live upload where
They have donated it and have opened a live show
there is betrayal that I should not have opened
you really, or rather, it's that I and well and
Let's not even talk about Mr. Social Blade.
doctor
So you've made 20 million.
visits for the first time in your life with
two million followers you have
that you have made 20 million 21 and something
that you have had 20 million visits
Costa truth is there about his father and you have the
rennet and you have the rennet, dude, to give it to you
of a moralist of something
and to teach someone morality lessons
or empathy or some kind of nonsense
yours
asking someone not to monetize dude
To me, this really bothered me.
This seems incredible to me. This seems incredible to me.
it looks wonderful
To me this seems wonderful.
be that he has had the rennet Vale and all
I asked him not to monetize his balls, he will do it
or he won't do it. Of course he will.
monetize that you are stupid but not
It's just that he's going to monetize it.
that will upload 18 extracts of the
debate will upload the entire thing to you
four hours so that he doesn't say that they were
I have edited and will upload another edited one
and he's going to raise whatever it takes, let's go
For now today we are going to react to
first extract
Well, Doctor Monetization, let's see.
let's see what you did let's see what
you did in your piece of debate
For now the miniature is this one, okay
Dallas debates Dallas debates the doctor
with a scam that he promoted for money
and denies it
let's see it
let's watch the video I'm going to upload the
full and uncut debate But this
It will take me several days to be able to
fix the audio I explain the audio of
My obs is super corrupt. If someone tells me
can help you solve it
I am as grateful as the doctor would seem to be very much
makes random fluctuations in the
desktop audio lag and a
minute may have a lag of two
seconds back or two seconds back
forward or further so that if not
I modify it looks like this and that I and that I
I worked with that brand
was in Google's cache in the cache
You don't understand anything about Google, that's not true.
I have to go almost minute by minute
fixing the audio and making it
coordinate with the echo above as best as possible
possible and this for hours because of that
until I finish settling the debate
complete that will take me several days and
so as not to leave you with nothing I have decided
start with some fragments first
like this so you can see that this guy
He is a compulsive liar who has been
deceiving everyone by a lot
time and now continues doing so these
fragments will not have cuts of
no type you can see that they are not even
manipulated, edited, or taken from
context and soon you will have the complete
so you can see that this guy is a
fraud specifically in this
fragment that you are going to see today I expose to you
and denial about a relay that
He promoted some vitamins that did not
They are of no use and he has criticized them very much
harshly to other doctors for doing
this and this is something that he did in the
past criticizes the same thing that he does
dedicated to making and accepting money for
promoting health scams and now
has tried to hide the evidence and now
is saying that the other does not tell
people like to lose weight
it has a lot of material it has a lot of material
It's a real pain, man, but there's no way
to hide this because they are evidence that
are in Google's cache and that all
You can check that it is indeed the case
made him get nervous even and gasp
During this fragment enjoy
Anyone who sees this is given
He says that you have lied like a scoundrel
but exaggerated the face the face uncle I already
when I saw the face I already when I saw the
face yesterday in the in the I'll tell you in the
piece that I uploaded when I saw the face
said
This one comes with veneer, this one comes with
bad face
This one comes with a bad face, I came yesterday
when I saw his little face in the stories
Those who uploaded said Uff comes with bad
little face and people started to make me feel good
I have not said it only in
my thought but I said it in the
today's video that I uploaded with my mobile in the
video I uploaded this afternoon here on Javier
I said it and they started telling me the
The face you have is normal, it's a face of
tiredness after enduring four
hours a psychopath
But if I spend four hours it's interesting
the SEO and 4 hours in the canijo holding on
to a bunch of fools
and I'm hot
In the end, your people will be crazy.
This yes
the modified image does not
the modified image
no no
Uncle But how
As
Yeah
the modified image does not
image could not believe the little shame
to say that it is modified You believe
that these medications are really
show in this part here that you
you promoted
lying lying to your audience does not
likes to talk about studies
you can upload someone who defends
This doctor please
everyone who was there yesterday
There may be if we have the video
video is here okay
the video is here ok It's not an image
modified okay There's the guy
recommending eating and losing weight and I don't know
worth
can someone who was there yesterday
band see Javi in mode based on
shirt shooting facts makes me like
Diamond for this I pay internet
become members pad it's true
Hey listen to me it's true and apart
you should make them all members
you should all become members today
this channel today we should arrive here to
3000 members uncle
Today we should reach 3000 here
members and also something that many
people do not know the same It is that this that is
passing
you organized it, so all of this
It started with a tweet from wallet
saying the age at which he will debate with
the doctor from Chia if all this got messed up
chicken or whatever but what a person this is not even in
Mexico nor in anything
wow look at the modified image it says bird
Uncle, but why don't you take it and say it?
Host. Well, look, I was wrong, I did it.
Bad in the past was me yes
I was wrong 10 years ago, I didn't
I should have done it, you understand me
but look at the mythomaniacs
Hey, someone from yesterday who can
Please upload it because I want to hear it
Someone from yesterday please come up
and those of yesterday
and Claire pixie
typical and empirical you accepted money
to promote a nonsense that is not
it works and you're still going to say it's there
modified
tell me where to accept money here tell me where
there is the video
kiss towns worth it
play it you deleted it play it
video how am I going to play it if it
you deleted
This is really an image
modified
If you show me where the video is and
You show me that I sign a contract and
that I worked with that brand and I
shows that I signed a contract
[Laughs]
Sir
It was in Google's cache on the
slap and its meaning 2021
You promoted some vitamins by lying and
You know it, I've been chasing you ever since.
he's chasing you, tell me
let me understand this from here this that is
go this way here It's all there
modified not that it is Photoshop
Well, I don't know. There comes a person who is
bald woman, the video doesn't even come out
complete If up here up
Teach me But how am I going to teach you?
something that did not exist but
Photoshop this one here Photoshop Well you
Tell me, has Photoshop been done to you?
Google you do Photoshop
As Iniesta said, redoxon for everyone
A kiss in Mayer
uncle is saying that the video is
lie
You are saying that the video is a lie.
You do Photoshop Of course
you know why not because it can't be done
modify an image that of course is
can modify but because it is
information that was in the house these
These are the debates once they upload this.
That's what happens with debates once
that go up like that had the little face that had
that would be the little face he had but
You know what happens, this is probably the
what looks bad is Dallas It's that what
What happens is that since he has not published the 4
hours this is probably heavily edited
This is surely the one who loses is Dala
Hey
These are when they go up
These are when they go up It doesn't fail, man
H for Google is literally the cache
from Google and redirects to your profile
This image was in Google's cache
to your tiktok and put doctor how
I can improve my immune system and
says How you can improve your system
immunological and complements with redoxon
Just so you know, they are vitamins
that you know very well that that is of no use
No wonder I didn't want Javi like that.
mediator Hahaha
What a pity I wasn't the mediator.
eh I wanted one with which to one that
defend him
man, they don't fail, they don't fail, man
but you accepted credit for
promote it tell the truth and stop
lie at least don't be so
liar
the same as always, what is always the same
They are against Dallas on Twitter
and they are going to support the doctor.
Maybe very bad at least show me the
tests because that is there is no video
show it to me and show me the video and
You show me the video because you say that
It's on TikTok, not in the cache.
from tiktok that the video is called is in
cache the image And this is the image that
I'm going to teach you. Well then, that's it.
They could have also modified it
Maria a kiss heart hears steel members
Today there are 2500 people here to be
a member that we reach 3,000
members tonight no
Hey, I think we should go in.
August with 3,000 [ __ ] members
make a member worth a euro
Andrea, a kiss
Don't lie you know what good you know what
Good thing you touch on this topic because it is not
the first time it happens and people
I've known for two years now
It was precisely in the same year 2021
These creams came out and they are not going to work for me.
let lie there I have the video where
This medicine cures diabetes
and uses my name and uses my image
and they start saying that I am a doctor
endocrinologist and also occupy that I am
ophthalmologist in your own in the
account that you had before
that they erased you
Equal equal and they form until and they are
They even invent uncle the uncle is having
the guy's face is not only that
is saying that this is false but that
the guy the guy is having the face of
Say: Hey, it's good that you took me out
the topic because they have already taken it from me
many times and with this I lie
man, the guy is having the balls to
say that uncle
Facebook and everything but what do you say if it will be
your account
says jiren Javi stops defending
Dallas in the indefensible dude totally
Jiren Jiren is the clear example of this
audience
there is the account
In fact, I just told you that I just got
to return the tiktok account
in his day it was a long time ago
No, in fact, that's one of my things, let's see.
Mr. Doctor
or that's the one That was like three months ago
that they removed it and I have the backup one
the brand
reduction that several doctors paid
to make this garbage
What doctors to several I know that to
severalbecause
this garbage
Ah, coming back to mess with it again
doctors
in fact they took this image of you and you
you said that is modified and it was
precisely because you attacked another
who was promoting some vitamins
Yes, he started messing with another doctor who
I was promoting this very thing How do you
call But you know you attacked a
uncle who was a doctor Also apart from you
You love not saying the names of the
doctors But what does it matter what the names of
The doctors say what happens to you if you say
that they passed you the photo you don't say that
cool dude there's 1800 delay in the video eh
That is, these are 1800 people who are
supporting the doctor from the hospital who
Doctors talk to you because you don't say your
names give their names they are giving me
truly say that the brand has made a
Perfect Photoshop with I didn't say that the
mark and then who is interested
a nobody in 2021 tell me no you nobody no
I did study. No one did those who didn't.
studied man no one as for
bothering anyone without doing what he shouldn't
studied Well I have not studied and I have not
I know if I'm good if I'm a little with no one
no family I'm here asking for members
to the people and they neither become members nor
nothing Roman a kiss a kiss King Roman is
the only one who gives away the members Uncle What
pity me
tremendous forgery to promote
a brand really isn't the first time
if I have videos
where I take apart all the lies that
They have said about my brands and this is
all false then
If you show me the video If you show me the video
you show the video just like I'm going to
show because you showed me a while ago
the videos where I spoke not where I
It said Show me the videos and it's a couple
of eggs eh a video that you know that
you deleted what very few people saw
uncle is brutal
dude is brutal eh
That is to say, the guy with all the
balls is telling him no dude
Yeyo Thank you very much son, only you
you have made the others a member of the uncle
Dylan, a kiss, Javi the dog from Dallas
Kevin and you are the Doctor's dog this
that advertises scams
but let's see, you erased it, you say
that you had posted that this redirects to
your tiktok and that you dance
from WhatsApp
that you are saying because there is no
no sample I say there is none
try if you show me but that's a
photo that may have been modified
It is not a modified photo that is the
Google cache ideally and redistied
towards your tiktok
more than half of its audience does not
studied just see how they write and in
His whole face tells them that and they support him
deserve to be your fans deserve to be your fans
Of course, I mean, they are fans of Elche but
that those of us who are not like that kind of
audience
it catches you by surprise
or catch you by surprise that this guy is like this
asked
or catches you by surprise, you didn't see it coming
type already in the previous videos I don't know
I saw it coming, but look at the video.
whole of Mister Doctor, what for?
Dr.'s Twitter is commenting on the
video on the doctor's Twitter are
commenting on the video they are putting it on
in the answer of course
What a shame That's how I was with the face that
was there
That's how I was with the face that was in the
stories
yesterday of course this was uploaded
the live stream that didn't go up yesterday
That was a live broadcast from Dallas.
It lasted almost four hours, it is supposed that
It's going to be uploaded completely. Yesterday we were already
seeing the little face here yesterday already
we were looking at the little face here and
said this afternoon in the video that
He went up this afternoon, I doubt it, I'm not due to it
having accepted if not if I did not transmit it
live but I think it's not going to happen
upload everything, go, it's not going to upload everything, go
how good it looks is when it is
complete truth Mr. Doctor
This is four hours from eight to
One in the morning I just finished and
this
and so nothing
you know how it gets
nothing the arguments he is going to say that
give him the interrupted one that gives the jumper
The wolf is left to edit and will put it
background music that's what it's going to say
that's what he's going to say that he
he's not really saying what he seems to be saying
that gives the is very bad
Cinema that you have to see in the face
said this afternoon uncle I said it this
I'm late, I just say that you have to see him now.
How did he get out of there? Apparently.
the four hours have been the same uncle or
he has caught it cute
she has caught a cute guy
and there were the people who were expected to
It was the good one who was going to destroy the
Come on, the internet was almost going to throw it away.
man but the same thing always happens, it appears
one who pretends to be intelligent
Angie gives them to you. Thank you very much.
reign by your five members always
The same thing happens, one appears like that.
It feels very devastated, I don't know what, I don't know
when a debate is uploaded
and there it is demonstrated
They ground him up. The poor guy. Well, the poor guy.
has had 20 million views
this month or so he has let himself be caught
change of a good
in exchange for a good amount of money, I got it
real things
I take more so that it was wanted to modify
tweets from me again
wanted to modify your And again mine
trying to get things out that didn't even come
In this clear case, he took out images.
again controversies from the past
He wanted to get this out of misogyny.
Well, obviously there is no way to
check of course are things that do not have
way to check Here it is more or
except here he already has a face like a cape
Here he goes with the face that he has caught
Pim Pam and
It's already pointing the way to go. Hey.
that lasts four hours and does not rise
The 4 hours is because he has manipulated it
And you will not realize it because
all your lies and well I want to leave
Of course the video lasts 4 hours and I hope
really that I leave the final time
from the video because it came out with the thing of
that
better that you upload it without editing so that
then don't talk, he's going to upload it and he's going to
upload will upload the whole thing
Thank you very much, you useless piece of junk.
your computer and well
let's see what it does but
The whole podcast made me laugh so much, I mean.
the debate seemed like a little boy's debate
little boy looked like a boy This is going to be
the arguments that are going to be given that the one of
He yelled at her that Dallas I don't know what and
that he didn't let him speak and that he took things out
that were not
and well I leave the link in the box
of description so that they are directed to that
cache if it is true as well as me
I'm going to leave the scientific articles
your face has been on the medicine for a while
They passed me the video of redoxon what
It means that that promotion did exist and
recommendation we do not know if it was
paid promotion or just wanted it
recommend it
[Laughs]
I have already done this before
the only thing I think needs to be done and
true I mean, you don't have to take it seriously
another way or anything
content
and that's it
content and that's it
How it says it is modified
What if you don't show me the video? Hey
Hey, hey, hey. Okay.
let's do this that's amazing
Because you say if I were here already
I would be I would be happy
I'll be saying, I've got it now.
debate you have the contact of the
people who were with the brand no
Tell them to pass you the video You know
perfectly that when they work with
Marco was not a promotion, he was not a promotion
He promoted it for free because it is very
rich the Tank liked the flavor here
They have to send the videos, tell them that
They send you the video literally you can
find If people search for hashtag
attitude
and they search for your name at the same time
TikTok still shows that in the cache
from Google Ah perfect
It is that it no longer exists then they were
Debate experts today all know about
vitamins and are specialists in the system
immunological on Twitter haha I think
that there will be some who defend the
vitamins
Thank you so much
I think there will be some who will defend
vitamins even and they will say that they are
good that I don't know what you know
you are welcome
Well then if the video doesn't come out it's
because it does not exist
there but how am I going to be telling myself
This tremendous barbarity. Well, why not?
if not show me
not that you are a liar Worse if you
You don't show me the images if you don't show me the images.
you show the videos but I would be
enjoying eh if this were if I
had I been there I would be I would be
enjoying uncle
I would be enjoying myself
It's that they never fail, man, I never don't
I'm wrong, man. I'm not wrong.
you have a very fixated
great for searching information but good
man touch your balls man touch yourself
the eggs
It's true I sold out and promoted vitamins
as if they work at all when I have
It's been said a thousand times that they don't work. You're welcome.
let's see, I sold myself for money
Not because I didn't say it because you didn't teach me
where I paid a reduction
show me where he paid me or now you
They catch you doing a promo, they catch you
making a promo and you have to
And you have to teach the other
Where is your private conversation with
the brand turning you off to prove that
they have paid you if they haven't paid you
paid man uncle is that you have to have
eggs Hey family
99,024 in telesalseo
you could make me proud
that we arrive tonight in
telesalseo to 100,000
We give that surprise to the Lordship
We give this surprise to your lordship.
Hey, I'm a pain, but listen to me.
We give the Lordship the surprise
telesalseo 99,000 uncle
tesa put it put it put it fixed but
I see it fixed
I'm going to fix it I'm going to fix it
It's incredible that every time I give you a gift
members you say my name as it is not and the
name is Ans kisses in the wicker
clown clown face clown face A
See my daughter having named you Pepe de
name I don't hope I helped you hype
Popcorn
a kiss Thank you very much licoris A kiss
I have left the link fixed for
telesalseo would be brutal while
We enjoyed this snack And then what?
Let's read haters' comments
it would be brutal
It would be brutal if we gave the
Ladies, your 100,000 followers are worth it
Mr. Tocho, a kiss for your 100,000
subscribers to the ladies and here the
3000 members
but if we reach 100,000 on TV
the CEO puts the tank top on me
I wear a tank top, yes
casterra a kiss
It would be curious
at least it would be curious, okay, this is it
all Photoshop and that Google conspires
against you No, I'm not saying that, I'm not
I know I don't know how you put that there if you
You tell me I don't know how to put that there
Yes, I told you a while ago, I don't know how
download discord
and you had to explain to me that how many
minutes go by, it's been almost three hours and
medium
and if you tell me
where is the video and show it to me
Well, I could tell you, oh no, yes, it's me.
If you show me where I pay
a kiss
Uncle But why don't you take And you say about it
pull Well, look if I did that a while ago
five years six years eight years and me
I was wrong, man, I made a promo that
then I regretted it and I was wrong
because they arrive new because they don't know
because suddenly they make your eyes look like
chiribita and you fall you have no idea of the
seriousness of the scope may not happen
nothing boasts his medical degree but no
you know it's expensive Google street
rolling with laughter no but apart
He would have a problem. Of course he is.
doctor and you know that this that you are
promoting the messages seems
crypto fixated face crying with laughter
face crying with laughter but you
provides a new person Look at the
Turbo Plant's tweet is crazy
the laughing face rolling with laughter I
I prefer not to go to other channels.
do what you want Let someone go up
I would offer to defend the doctor but
you cannot defend the indefensible
Let's now see the comments of the
video from this afternoon okay let's see the
comments guys what was said is worth it
saying
99.106 we just arrived 99.106
we are less than 900 uncle to get to
the 100,000 to less than 900 to reach
100,000 Will we be able to reach this point?
night at 100,000
third plate
third plate kids third plate
where am I going to put it
where are we going to put it
is no longer there
if reduction
in fact when they did that the account
From TikTok it was there but man, how worth it
You know that when there are campaigns when
There are campaigns where videos are sent. Who
has the interest Who has the interest
in making a fake with your face
so perfect doing even the highlights
from the table with the medicine on it
an account with your name Exactly not
putting these things so normal doctor
How can I improve my system?
immunological Really
They have invited and invented that the guy knows
that it is his that the guy knows that his video
and he is insisting that you don't have
and he is insisting to you that he is a
uncle montage
endocrinologist who is a surgeon and who is not
I know I am and to cure diabetes and to
What is the motivation?
Well, sell products or I don't know what it is or
redirect them to page
he's trying to convince eh
Oh no. In 2021 I already had more than a million.
Well, it's not like we can either.
say that they can play it in a way
so incredible you are telling me that they are going to
Photoshop your unique face and
exclusively to enter promote
a medicine that will be left over
budget to make a million
campaigns and they feel like it and they have to
make the requests with you and in your
account Also I don't know if it did reduction
literally
keep talking about him look how you
you love doing that, taking out things that
They come out of context to move the
people were talking about the
fatphobia and
uncle in his shattered mind the not the
little face that has here the little face that
has here is not the face that has
I already saw it here today. I just
I woke up and saw this video
I say, what a beating they've given me.
When I saw this
I also think I've seen it in
neurofunker I said
Landa's mouth is in heaven
Landa but even in the roof of the mouth
and the filias that you say he has are not
you are a compulsive liar you are the
that you are laughing at, you are a, that is to say,
true You are a compulsive liar huh
it's incredible
and it doesn't matter, you say it's modified and you
spend a Pancho is not modified
Show me the video here you have it
this
You were showing me videos a while ago
where he talked about your dad Where he talked about
if you don't have this video
You deleted this and look, I'm going to tell you more.
put we can talk about what is real and
The disgusting guy was retweeting yesterday
drawings where they made drawings like that
super based super strong the dala super
crazy and the super based guy It's that this
It's tremendous, you never fail, man.
failure
I'm going to put this doctor's tiktok.
to put this doctor's tiktok is worth it
that you listen to what he says and how he says it
He sent it himself through his group
Listen to this
You can't defend yourself and you have
that bring another doctor of course
I say this because there are certain doctors
It must be hunger, I'm not saying it because
There are certain doctors who pretend to be
unique and different and end
recommending vitamins no
No
being hungry I don't know tell me I am
surgeon if you like I remind you one
commercial that you made long before
I
speechless the truth How sad that
enter the medical community if this occurs
type of situations the guy even if it was
doctor he goes for gossip because
some reason will have been growing on the basis
I don't really know how he managed to do that.
so many followers on YouTube you
and then you have this [ __ ] like the
very blow now you have to get into
yesterday gave me my opinion about Jonathan's case
and leasikora And if you were looking
I'm not going to stop
and I uncle and I really really
true truth
really really really
eh Really really really eh
Because to talk to another doctor no
has the capacity
Please no, I feel sorry for you.
We agreed that we were going to talk about a topic
and you wanted to talk about someone else, let's see
Let's see no one, gossip. Well, we have to
blindly believe no matter if they are
specialist doctors But he is a doctor
but he is not a doctor
It doesn't matter that it has been sold and with
Octavio It doesn't matter that he lied
Let's be different, we must attack the
ideas not people I sin sometimes
of the second good context in this
video Dr. Jonathan sells his soul to
a vitamin company and thought
good idea to share it with us in a group of
WhatsApp obviously we slap them
Would you put on Dr. Vallejo's audios?
but they knock down my account like Fernando's
Count, but let's see, the campaigns exist.
kiss
of all those who have done it
inclusive
A kiss, Andrea. Thank you so much, queen.
beautiful medical specialists
students whatever they want was done to me
strange because right in this group over there
From April to May we share several of its
videos one of those was this one because well
What's up with this campaign? And the truth is
I shared this video there because I
A person caught the attention who
promotes good habits and
scientific evidence just like Jonathan
promoting vitamins the topic of
vitamins I like By the way right now
I tell you why
Javi the video is on tiktok in
tiktok is also there Check this out it's on
Facebook pharmacy
scoundrels he also said that the
Cryptocurrencies are a scam and leave
pinned messages to promote uncle
let's see what it really is
I am very special, you are spending money
In telling me that, Dallas is not that you
say that crypts are a scam
He will have said that they are a bubble that exists
There are platforms that are a scam that
There are Christ-based investments that
Cryptocurrencies as such are not a scam.
they are a scam
What happens is that I, for example, don't
I would recommend no one to invest in
cryptocurrency I I responsible for me and
putting in money that I didn't need
For example, last year
I don't know if it was last year I didn't start the
I previously put in some money and took it out.
multiplied by 5 by 6 But why me
came out let's go because I was lucky because I
I don't even understand that except to say I'm going to
try here and bought
moon moon which by the way I later took out
I took it out and then I say I'm going to put another one in and
I put in another money and two days later it
I lost by zero there was once that I put in a
money
I put some money in and it wasn't a scam.
Of course, it is an investment like the
bag as such What happens is crazier
crazier, more volatile and more bubble
You also know because I bought
[Music]
moon moon was moon that then there was a
moved with Luna because the uncle had
fake account I don't remember The Movida
how it was but the fact is that suddenly
everything fell you know everything fell and now another
apparently it is going up but I
I'm not putting in a single [ __ ] penny anymore, I did it you know
It turned out well for me and it turned out well for me
well and then another second one did it that I
I was left at zero I was left at zero
in literal zero and it was an amount
funny What happens I say Well I
I watered it Vale and it was done in two
days you know but
There aren't many people, I know a lot of them.
people who live off that live off trading
Regarding cryptocurrencies and other things, let's see.
I think that for that we have to
understand you have to know where when By
that the graphs cannot be read
from $80 it fell to exactly $0
exactly 11
Well I think that once the first time
I think I bought it because I don't remember if
I bought it for 17 or 20 dollars something.
that and I think I got it in 100 because
touched 100 105 or something like that and I think that
I took it out like in 100 it touched one of the 100 no
I took it out it went back down a little and then
when he came back up like that I took him out and
then when I was falling I said [ __ ]
It has fallen a lot I'm going to buy and I bought
and it went to zero you know
although I think that is how it was a
company that was scamming eh That one in
concretely that I think there was a move or
They had cheated with the accounts and
that went to zero I don't remember but it was
a big move but those things are
for people who understand or have
a money that you say Hey look at this
money I don't mind assuming that it can be done
stay zero, you understand? Hey, if it goes well
Well, it turns out well and if not, then nothing.
Yes, well here it is on Facebook but I
You're saying it's on TikTok
also
You're telling me it's on TikTok.
Luna fell only because of rumors it was Terra
stable Coin
It was very strange, the truth was very
strange but good as I don't understand
I never think I'll get into that again.
I never think I'll come back again
Let's see, I'm telling you the same thing.
and suddenly I get excited and I have too much
x money and I say Ah well look I'm going to do it
put here if I multiply it by three or
four I take it out and if I lose it Well I have it
lost
Do you get me
No, as Octavio says, there is no evidence.
scientific to demonstrate that they serve
for something unless you have
deficiencies
it works and the scientific evidence
Octavio was very hard on Jonathan and his
boys boys boys boys boys
boys boys
99,100 in telesale Alejandro a month
99,100 in telesalseo tesa is in the
chat that will give you something
Tesa is in the chat that will give her
something tesa if we reach 100,000 this
night what we can offer
Tesa is in the chat that is going to give something
that Teresa Tessa is going to have a heart attack
It could be tonight
820 subscribers missing right now
820 subscribers are missing right now
reach 100,000
820 subscribers left right now
reach 100,000 guys Look at Ivan the
Ivan is there, he's going to have a heart attack, I don't know.
do what you can, dude, get a multi
I tell you that they looked for the potatoes
Super chanta this dock a kiss Andrea
Thank you so much sweetheart
commercial and well yes he said several things
but go see them on their profile
Jonathan does not turn the other cheek and
responded with a video where he says
This photo and Octavio later uploaded
saying that the photos are edited and
Yes, friends, the photos are edited but
all those who did that campaign and
They deleted or made the video private
If you put it in Google, it appears
username and brand face
face to face uncle
images
until the date you published it
This tiktok profile the ideal is that everyone
do that if it is a problem that is worth it
the penalty
oh well
Since the video doesn't come out, I'll be Where
There's the video, dude, he has no shame
has no shame
WhatsApp the video but if not yes
They didn't send the video, they did send the
video that they did send and in fact
showed link Although
showed link was in the group of
WhatsApp Good
let's keep talking let's keep talking
talking about autophagy come on
I repeat that the Google cache
It's not hackable you can't cheat What
Too bad Dallas didn't have this video.
Man, what a shame I didn't have the video for
put it on
eh Yes in Kelvin on TV I salseo striptis
of the churra
something but good that I'm on the internet now
making a fool of yourself No daughter
how strong you are
to the search engine with an image
perfectly falsified and with a
Absolutely perfect Photoshop where
It looks like you're promoting the
medication from your own account
tiktok this guy is simply a
compulsive liar that's why I ended up
diverting the topic does not admit
absolutely nothing and he is alone
one surprises me with the power or the gift of
Dallas investigation had little time
and found several little things
small part of the whole after
Imagine who knows about that guy.
good
bat where I expose it probably
You will have noticed how much you have to
try to divert attention and
ridiculous things that he says without any kind of
sense because Google's cache doesn't
It is hackable and less at the level that it has
past in this type By the way tell you
that this guy also failed to comply with his
word Because we had agreed
previously privately that the debate
This doctor may have studied in a circus.
because he has a lot of tears of clown
happiness Tears of happiness Tears
of happiness Greetings Javi from
Dominican Republic a kiss Many
thanks they had agreed to do it in the
Dallas Canal
They had agreed to do it in the Canal del
Dallas and the guy without thinking with encouragement
of stealing opened his live It would be for me
channel the guy was prepared
to send it to his own treason without
notify and so to site visits with
This type of comment
with this kind of comments
And subscriptions by the way look at the
kind of messages they posted on their channel
without moderating in the slightest so that you can see
the kind of audience this brings together
guy
and on top of that this lady adoring the event
Yesterday we were taking a look at it
They donated a lot but it's not that
They donated a lot, it's what has left the
directly went up
the live that serves us has left it
uploaded if the binantele is salseo
Mr. Doctor comes up with a boat, they are missing now
same
800 subscribers in telesalseo for
I think that reaching 100,000 will be
August we arrived Chesa
but tonight I think not.
tonight I think not
I don't see them passing the kids today.
would be round after this mess
go to bed with 100,000 in
telesalseo with 3000 members here or not
even having made a prior agreement
which would be exclusively on my channel Y
I accidentally ruined his plan when
I told him it couldn't be done for him
problem that I explained to you about the audio in my
obs but I really find it very ugly and
very dirty on his part because it shows
that his word is worthless It's that he is a
dirty uncle
He is a dirty guy and besides that
They are obviously in need of fame
subscribers and money and the worst thing is that
they are giving it to a guy who is
sold to promote pseudosciences and
you are a horrible person
woof woof
And so on, uncle
so everyone
That's great, man.
How good you are
I'm looking forward to seeing
opinions
I'm looking at opinions on the subject
I understand your point about cryptos but
Not even vitamins help you become Superman
nor the crypto investment course
They are going to be millionaires, both are deceptions and
They offer guarantees, which is the worst thing.
deceptions are not to be seen
deception is not
that you take a course to invest in
Christ that I will teach you to see depends on
what a course but a course that teaches you to
read the graphs and all that nonsense
it has to be a hoax
I imagine there will be some who are a
deception I don't know Okay but no No
necessarily
Not necessarily
It is a subject that I do not handle much. I
The only thing I tell you is that I get it right
Chiripa happened more than two months ago
Miare and his parents are sentenced to these
heights we can already confirm that they
They appealed, that is an issue that you have.
that asking the vale Hahaha For that
I wanted a debate served
wanted didn't want debate he didn't want
debate I think you haven't
caught he didn't want debate he wanted
do as he wanted as he did
I wanted to debate, he is what I wanted to be.
It was like he wanted to debate but
Dallas wasn't bothering them because he was
very based Thank you very much Andrea from
Luque what he did not count on was that
They were going to have a debate with him, he was not going to
wanted to debate he wanted to do like him
that he wanted as he did want debate
okay but without what he thought that
Dallas wouldn't throw them away or anything like that.
style
I don't know if I'm explaining myself badly or not.
surely
He didn't want debate as such
What I wanted was to pretend that
I wanted a debate, what a mess
what a mess what a mess no but that's it that's it I
I understand it perfectly
that we reach 100k in telesalseo is
just a respectful gesture, I don't know
What are you waiting for?
while we arrive Ivan Let's see is that
800 missing less than 800 missing Okay
less than 800 are missing. It would be necessary already.
arrive tonight uncle
we should arrive tonight but
however, even if it means giving it a voice
what video can we watch
Javi the doctor is going to talk about the
vitamins
Yes, no, let's see if anything has been uploaded.
yes it's true
It's true
is going to talk about vitamins now
is going to talk about vitamins, let's go
see it let's see it will talk about the
vitamins come on let's see it
let's see it here
But what is he going to say?
what is he going to say
I mean, how are you going to explain that they were
denying something that is true
How are you going to apply something that is not
TRUE
He's going to say that Redoxon is useful.
Well
You guys in the meantime subscribe to
telesalceb and to be a member is worth it
I'm going to go to the bathroom for a second.
No crypto course works because
crypts are worth according to what we
We believe and we do not control that.
This person shows part of these 16
minutes of a four-hour video with
15 minutes where
I am questioned
that I made a video announcing a
vitamin brand in 2021 I want
tell them that he
He brought up topics we hadn't planned on
touch on this pseudo debate
[Music]
in that video in that fragment of 16
minutes
I deny
having announced Those vitamins and how
We always say it on this channel
You always have to speak the truth and
I made a mistake in denying that I did that
video Because I did make that video in
2021 in 2021
I made a tiktok where I advertised a brand
of vitamins
and this later brought a controversy
I denied it after that controversy ended and the
yesterday between Well the topics that you
seemed appropriate to talk to Dallas
After almost three hours it is worth it
say that video and that I hope he uploads it
complete lasts four hours
and 4 hours 15 minutes
After three hours he started to take out
things
about me
Well, that is, he. We came to talk about three.
hours without having landed on a topic
and almost reaching three o'clock three
hours and a half
he started wanting to break me down, to love me
get on my nerves and I am
Saying So I hope the video is uploaded
complete because apparently he doesn't
The audio works, but it does have the time.
to edit because this video was edited
of 14 minutes and put this Cuts and
put it on
okay okay wait wait wait for you
wait wait calm calm
calm down calm down
Let me capture this humiliation
Okay
Let's see, let's see. Look, look at the face. Yes, it was.
the race
Look at the face Look at the face being made
look at the face
faster
Thank you very much George, don't be dirty.
be eschatological look at the face
trying to act like he hasn't been
you ruined your vacation
look at the face as if trying No no me
has marked the holidays so much that it goes
Today a couple of hours ago it was
published part of the interview well
Okay, it's going to say that it's not there.
complete that is incomplete and edited
and that understanding
to be able to see it in full. Thank you very much.
Mara Ignacia for giving away another five
members But well What happens Could it be that
we can reach 3000 today, man
Could we reach 3,000 today?
members we are nothing I'm nervous
My stomach hurts. My stomach hurts.
from the nerves family if you
you want if you want today in this
same direct
100,000 subscribers are reached in
telesalseo
to the 3000 members in Javier Canijo
and Dallas
will control my mind what do you think
deal
you have pinned the link in the chat
teleslash
Mr. Doc, it's two points -
redoxon a kiss you have in the chat the
Fixed link from teles to the ceo is worth
Please all subscribe While
You see the live stream, it hurts even my ass
Ivan says Ivan whatever please
pick up your brother's cell phone
your neighbor takes out all the
multi-account does what you need
to do worth
but let the people arrive today
donating to the doctor he was told no
fall into the trap, they speak to you formally
They speak to you formally, look, you are
[ __ ] are [ __ ] talking to him
you because they think you are a doctor
seriously he should have let the debate
really be done on their terms and
not this thing that we are used to doing or
be the guy It's not that he's a liar, it's
that Dallas makes the debates very
rudely is worth very rudely
if you want an interview and it is not a
debate with Dallas
where I lied where
This person shows part of these 16
minutes of a four-hour video with
15 minutes where
I am questioned
that I made a video announcing a
vitamin brand in 2021 I want
tell them that he
He brought up topics we hadn't planned on
touch on this pseudo debate now then
That's the joke. Well, that's the joke.
friend
Here, to the gossip, you have to come crying
[Music]
in that video in that fragment of 16
minutes
I deny
Let's see those vitamins announced and how
We always say it on this channel
You always have to speak the truth and
I made a mistake in denying that I did that
video Because I did make that video in
2021 in 2021 or rather phase nothing but it is that
apart apart
I'm going to tell you something else
He is now pretending to be honest. But
because there is no other option
I ask you a question
and I want you to answer me
Yes, if they hadn't found the video
Do you think I would be admitting the mistake?
the lie silver gas why me
you said mr2 are nms Andrea Very much
Thanks, I'll tell you whatever you want.
heart
if I hadn't found the people
video I wouldn't have said it
I would have made a video because it
They would have applauded anyway.
people would have applauded him anyway
said that video does not exist was a
assembly and would have continued to admit it
until the end
in 2021
I made a tiktok where I advertised a brand
of vitamins
and this later brought a controversy
I denied it after that controversy ended and the
yesterday between Well the topics that you
seemed appropriate to talk to Dallas
after almost three hours go three
hours the appropriate topics go the
It's Dala's fault, that is
Look how the movement is, huh. It's supposed to
that here in this video he wants to give it to you
doneto I lied on this channel not in this one
channel never never we should lie I don't know
what is supposed to be given to you
done but of course that's what happens then
What basically happens is that
who wants to blame Dallas for him
have lied
That is, Dallas is to blame for him
lie
It is worth saying that this video and that
I hope he uploads the whole thing, it lasts four hours.
and 4 hours 15 minutes after three
hours began to take out things
about me
Well, that is, he. We came to talk about three.
hours without having landed on a topic
and almost reaching three o'clock three
hours and a half
he started wanting to break me down, to love me
get on my nerves and I am
Saying So I hope the video is uploaded
complete because apparently he doesn't
The audio works, but it does have the time.
to edit because this video was edited
14 minutes and [ __ ] is doing I mean
This video is to say a kiss to Lady
This video is to say I lied, we are very
I mean, he just made a [ __ ] fool of himself.
his life Now they will say how humble he is
TR that's why they're going to say but look
trying to turn the mess around
that they have caught him
to the beating they've given him up to his neck
the roof of the mouth at four o'clock
They are like that, okay. I'm telling you, the guy is
trying the first thing is to get to a
medal when if it had not appeared
on Twitter that you're pameando all the
world on Twitter This video if not
people would have appeared on Twitter
with this video the guy would be
maintaining that this is a setup
the guy would be maintaining that that is a
message but the justification it has
It's good that it was three hours
that Dalas has cut it and that the
four hours he looks better
put this cuts and add subtitles
I hope he uploads it in full because it doesn't matter.
that he has not edited those 17 minutes
that we just saw
that there is no such thing as that, that is you
denying it for 17 minutes colleague and
that is recognizing it 24 hours a day
after 24 hours later
24 hours later because so papped and
why people find this video
now
because in fact it is the only thing that can
take out and That was my big mistake but I was coming
taking tweets from me was taking things from me
that were not relevant as they are going to happen
account and the truth is that people
winning the era Don't worry Mister
Doctor, you are an example to follow.
Uncle look at the message please don't
Don't worry, Mr. Doctor, you are a
example to follow
When he brought this out, I was surprised.
I said it seems to me in bad taste they are going to
realize that in fact before that is
They touched on many topics that were not included in the
case but just before touching on this topic
of the vitamins that were irrelevant
I insist he brought up another topic that came completely
grabbed the only thing that could be
to have grabbed Haha, let me say it that
We know that they didn't get anything from the taps.
after saying that Sure but it's that
apart from that, of course it was coming, you already have a story
not only by messing with the thing about the
death of the father for two months or a
month I don't know how long it takes but
apart from that you have started to make videos of
two and three hours because Dallas said
not to lose weight
Of course it's relevant, but it is relevant.
totally on point
It is totally appropriate that I take you out
That was not the case with some tweets either.
that I took out Well rather that I put eight
years before that had to do with
buttocks what such and such thing does not say either
nothing bad but what bothered me is that
I wanted to get it completely out of
context that does not say anything bad about those
tweets you will see if I left the
full 4 and a half hour video
later that takes this capture and I
I deny that I made that video, how much did he pay you?
Dallas Javi Luis Mercado
Well, much less than what they have paid him
to this one for announcing a scam
It is worth much less than what they have
paid this one to advertise
Orange tank is okay but what's not
has prices are these moments I
laughing at you Luis Mercado
That is priceless, not even for all the gold
of the world What is happening for the
If they don't know the context, I'll put it there and tell them.
tale
telesalseo telesalseo telesalseo
telesalseo telesalseo is no longer advancing
Teresa has stayed at 99,000 238
has been left in
99.238 in a little while when I come in
more people give him another push or the
history in 2021 I had a person
that closed certain campaigns came to me
with a campaign that really does not
He told me He's from Bayern He told me He's from Bayern
an important optical pharmacy I said
Okay okay okay okay I didn't read it was
my mistake I didn't read and that's another of the
things I learned from there to
trust people in that regard and
I didn't read it, I said, Ah well, they told me it's for
people who need vitamin
I said, well, if it's for people who do
require vitamins then yes
I'm going to do it and I need you to say it
All I did was tell him I was going to
say that only healthy people do not
They require it And as I have always done
In this channel, healthy people do not
People who do not require vitamins
have no medical condition
require vitamins
But well, that contract happened and was signed.
which I didn't even sign and
when they send me what I had to say
I said that neither the video nor
He says nothing bad, eh? In fact, they can.
find this on Twitter there for that reason
It went viral, you see it is recognizing the
lie is recognizing the lie
because they have caught him and they are
putting his lie in every tweet but
Now what they should do is
show him the video of him denying it and
putting the video and me from last night
I was thinking of doing this broadcast in
I live explaining what happened
Oh well
no definitely not a liar
definitely not Of course not
You weren't planning on doing that last night.
because in fact what you uploaded was a
history justifying yourself and preparing the
land no
you didn't think even remotely you didn't think even
by any stretch of the imagination, let's be honest, it's a video
Javi but because he places them first
those 16,000 if not what they talked about before
I surely take the worst part of it
I was going to this guy if you want he'll put you the
that best suits the guy
Well, he wouldn't have been an idiot and
I would have done live What do you want me to do?
I tell you but that you are loving me
say with that or that is the worst part
yes and what
come on, it's not the worst part
It's not the worst part
Well I'm doing it right now, eh?
This happens, this happens, that I do that
video is uploaded, your campaign ends and I
I removed that video after another one was made
controversy with another author who also
announced these Dallas was pissed off
I hoped it would go smoothly
but it seems that there are no vitamins and well
This happens and the reality is that up to there
After that, I was left with this one and
I think it was him because the only mistake that
opens like Well it's not the only one he
made many mistakes but well
I always say it and the truth is that
This story had never happened before.
I had counted and my biggest mistake and
That is what I want to accept, it was a lie.
because the moment Dallas met me
show that image I lied when I said that
I hadn't made that video and that
It was very bad because precisely when
one lies and this ends up happening and it
They end up not decontextualizing
because there it is clearly seen that I deny
and that I even look very can see the
reactions were already visible
the tired eyes were more or less the
twelve o'clock at night I was very tired
poor thing, she was already tired after 3 hours
of talking about topics where there is no
I landed and yes I took it out of context
I'm explaining and that's what
It happened, I apologize to the
people who follow me
If you don't take out the clip, you won't take it out.
This liar tells Hctor David
I totally insist I am here to give
the face and to say
Well this is what happened now
As you can see, I am not in
my house and this once asking
apologizing and explaining what happened
It happened because I do accept my mistakes
Hello, giving 20 members a kiss
a kiss worse a round of applause the whole chat
for wors
Well, with these 20 that Words has given away
I would say there are almost 70 new members.
In this live show, it's not like Dallas.
throughout that video and if they happen
account because it is this segment I insist is
After three hours the reality is
that for three hours Dallas could not
contradict anything I said
although they were not the topics we had
agreed we will see we will see what
you think
What do you think is going to happen?
If you don't know how to bullfight, my son, look at yourself now.
you look pathetic and you look ridiculous
even talking about topics that I myself
I asked him not to speak like death
his father and he wanted to get him out anyway
and what he was going to want surely
monetize I don't know
and he's going to want to monetize it, I don't know.
even after that he will upload it for free
It's going to be uploaded for free, you've taken it
20 million views and he's going to do it
upload for free and I really have it
is that this guy the subject of this guy to me
has really pissed me off
[Music]
special
more than necessary because I knew
Manel, I already told you and that the topic of
debate is because this guy wanted to
rapping with that song, man, it disgusts me
you giving but what have you eaten
This is what we finally started talking about.
After three and a half hours
three hours 15 minutes maybe talk
about autophagy and fasting
intermittent where they really go
realize that Dallas doesn't even know
counting didn't even know what it was
intermittent fasting but without deviating
I insist on the subject more
I'm here to say yes I do
I was wrong to lie and deny this.
the reality is that if you
watch the video The real la la the video no
The video says absolutely nothing either
It's like I've committed a crime
It's not like I killed anyone either.
someone who has abused someone who
I would have been accused of pedophilia if I had
that being that, that would be very
bad No no
It is something unforgivable but what it is
that here is something that you know
It's that I've always tried to be very
congruent and the one that is right now
has lied about this condition that Les
I just explained it and they are not going to tell us
let's do Javi is done precisely for
discredit everything that comes along
anything he says now is a liar
basic policy
anything that says no that I'm you
saying that it's not the worst except my
He says mistakes when he catches them. Of course.
but apart from truth or that is still No
Are you going to stop talking nonsense videos?
before the controversy repeating that there is
people who lie about what I
promoted supplements for Superman
zero s everything is a lie
Now it turns out that everything was true and
I had been lying for months that
He recognized her now because they caught her
but apart from that there are still donkeys that
They are not going to get off yet, there are people who
He's not going to get off the donkey, you're seeing
this and you have seen the debate you have not
viewed 17 minutes It's not the worst, I'll tell you
I'm saying that it's not going to help
nothing the people who have to be in
against alabat is also given
They will also support this and everything.
the one who comes behind
It's just that it's not at all a waste of time.
that you see it as content and that's it
we burst out laughing, that is, the type I don't know
has long recognized that
they have made it in his face they have made it in his face
in the face of a lot of people and always
He says it's a lie what happens is that
Now then, someone has found the [ __ ]
video and he didn't count on that, no
he was counting on it
He understands me and he's like, I don't know what and you're like
still telling me that Dallas has
taken the worst part for uncle you want
that now the next day I take out
Dallas another extract because you are going
publishing in a bunch of excerpts
surely
You're going to say, Oh, but this one too
It's the worst part and the next day you go
to say it again but this is
also in the worst part uncle that are the
4 hours a [ __ ] [ __ ] I'm telling you
saying that he has already done the complete
ridiculous because you think that the
little face he had in the stories of
This morning it was just for this reason
vitamins do not
it's tremendous
He is a tremendous character but but he is
It doesn't surprise me, but it does
It's that the people were already there but
watch the video of Mister Doctor no
you want to see it you don't want to see it all
because the Mister Doctor video
deny everything because you're not seeing it
the type of characters or what
It's called a must-see
to be able to see if I insist on it
upload that 4 hour video with almost 15
minutes
Well, you can do it, I already explained it to you.
why I did it came broken from what
that I wanted to do right in the segment
prior to this, he takes the images
because he started talking about topics first
that were not relevant, I wanted to take
reactions will realize that no
we made reactions
except for the last 40 minutes and it was my
error because as you know yesterday
It was going to be done at this time more or less
It was going to be broadcast at eight o'clock at night
the debate a debate that had to be had
a moderator and that I foolishly accepted
that I didn't have it
you accepted that I didn't have it when
You accepted that there was no talk about the father of
dala I have repeated it before at the beginning
from the live if they hadn't taken the
video would still say it was a
Of course he did follow Doki.
always clear hard to those who
promoted vitamins or supplements
Today it's time to call him ridiculous
of controversies with a lot of YouTubers
of medicine that he has been removed and he
always says that it is a lie that it is
lie as he believes that the video is not
were going to recover because He continues with that
no, with that no and if there wasn't one if the
video wasn't on right now
Twitter
Tomorrow I would have come out saying that
that's a setup
he would have come out tomorrow saying that
They are montages and these people who are
Donating Look Dallas has no ethics or
honor
recommend eating once a day continues
being worse than promoting some
tablets that as you say do not do
nothing
nothing can be done for those people
can
nothing can be done for these
creatures already and by the people who have
cattle are he is demanding a type of
public that goes no matter what they ask for
doing what they ask you saying
You understand me, it doesn't matter, it's not the only thing
I'm saying it because it's not the only thing
It's not that Dallas has caught the worst
He hasn't caught that today, he's going to catch it tomorrow.
another one and went to take another one and so on and so on
The hippies will continue to say: Well
But wait for the four hours and
half It is that the four and a half hours
They will be better off, I say no, that's it.
I'm already saying Heavy
And how foolishly I accepted yesterday that it was
accepted those conditions because he all
the fear that I had, that is basically
Here you are acknowledging that all the
garbage conditions that were being set
It wasn't because I wanted a formal debate
because everything Dallas does is not
debate because we must comply with some
norms
All I wanted was to make excuses
so as not to debate and not have to give the
face with some issues
He understands me and when he gives it to him
He said come on yeah We only talked about what
We only talk about losing weight
Come on, okay. There they no longer cared about him.
The rest of the conditions no longer mattered to him
without moderator or on what channel or anything and
He took it with his balls and opened it in his
channel like a good little cockroach that it is
that it was not broadcast live because
precisely the people comment on this
moment and their people come to say and
They come, the truth is that they already know me
I don't give a damn about this guy
of people who have no
scientific argument
scientific arguments will be more
This doctor regretted doing the
debate Those of the vitamins for having
paid for a promo and ended up like this or the
haters realizing that they can pass
from Dallas and they don't like it instead
hate him
and the haters are not going to be haters
support them and will now be supporting them
because because Dallas is against
he is already there without more
I really don't care at all.
Yes, I do this video more for
the people who trust me and that I
foolishly
I lied yesterday but there really is still
people in the chat telling me I'm not
that I am not that I am not impartial
but you expect me to have
bias with this type
It's making me laugh a lot
that they are telling me you are not impartial
man, you want to suck my [ __ ]
no biting please
That is, you think that I will put myself in
part of this type as is the movida or
that gives him some points in his favor
I'm not quite getting it
Can someone explain it to me please?
You're not Javi Claro but obviously
No
But who goes who who is biased
here in this debate
You have to be stupid to give one to
this
I already explained why I did it and well
something that also happened today
is that many began to tell me
even I know that maybe it wasn't your
intention but they made me feel
guilty of why I allowed that not
the video was broadcast live
the pseudo-debate as you know I
I've been on vacation for a couple of years now.
days Here on the beach in Cancun to be
specific in Xcaret you can see it
you
I said it yesterday at the beginning of the video and
I really hope Dallas leaves him.
I
I agreed to make the video because in the end I know
that I have a responsibility to the
people who follow me
and that if he had said that it was going to be
the debate was going to bring things up as it was
was going to do
I obviously didn't bring anything on this trip
not even my computer
They just lent me a stabilizer
hallucinating When the doctor said it is
lie where is the evidence and Dalas
with the evidence on full screen those
It was already a desire to lie for the sake of lying
but it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
Well, since last night I recorded the video
and it makes me very angry with myself
having taken four hours of this
trip and not for me because in the end yes
Well, if it's my vacation and I deserve it
rest
month I get very angry with myself
why this vacation
I'm not the only one on vacation here
My parents are also there
is going to pull is going to pull of some kind
of demagoguery populism
He's going to bring in the family to tell us
personal issues no and in these
It's not just my parents who are on vacation
as such Which is obviously the most
important but what it really has
meaning of this trip is that they are the
first vacation in my 34 years that
I pay my parents
as you know and I'm not here to pretend that you
waste four hours having a debate
With Dallas you benefit in your work
It doesn't matter if they are the first
vacations that you can pay for your
parents in 34 years it doesn't matter you're going to
continue paying the same and your parents
will continue to enjoy the
vacation Even if you spend 4 hours
Debating with Dallas doesn't take away from it.
nothing to your parents do not use your
parents uncle why don't you take them away
absolutely nothing of the holidays that
you start debating the youtubers
that's what we have, that is, I don't have
a [ __ ] vacation that you don't put me on
do something, I mean, I don't think there is even one
I think there is not even a trip and where in
where I don't even make one
connection
I was going to tell you
I was going to tell you Disneyland but I think
that I did a live show at Disneyland
walking from one park to another I don't know if in
London maybe I didn't do anything either
mobile video in London
I made some videos with my cell phone, that is,
youtubers what we have is that we are
bad with work and what not
[Music]
and that we do not disconnect even if we want to be
the victim because I never liked her Oh
Poor me, but I come from a level
low socioeconomic where my parents
They are dedicated to selling food in this area
the public highway
and one of his dreams was Mexico
they said when you
be great I hope you can take us a
day to Cancun
I had already come to Cancun previously
But I had that
reaction to the cape video or you love it
prevents me from loving me, forbids me, Well it's not
that he forbids me, he actually loves me
he said ting
I'll let you react to the cape video.
If you arrive tonight, he told me so.
the Dallas eh And I have to obey
he told me tiln
I'll let you react to the cape video.
as long as you arrive
in this same live broadcast
to 100,000 subscribers in telesalseo
and we are now at 99,256
I'm missing a little less than 800
If you want, we can see it.
but we have to reach 100,000
subscribers in telesalseo and 3000
members in Javier Canijo
It's 4 in the morning, you have one hour.
as much more no
an hour at most, not the time that
last this live and see me
hater comments Okay and we'll see if
you want
100,000 subscribers on telesalseo
How interested Dalas is in telesalseo
Dallas is subscribed to Teresa in fact
Dalas you are fully subscribed
Look at Dalas
watch channels
[Music]
or was it here
you are not subscribed the dala I would swear that I
They will send a screenshot but no no
How odd
Nobody has said anything about their parents that
It has to do with the one who messed with spoke
Someone's father would say that he didn't
It affects until it affects him but
I repeat, no one has said anything about their
parents
victimhood to the maximum, poor little potato like
Nimu Kara crying would swear that Dallas
I was subscribed to the gossip TV since
Some June channel would swear that I
They posted a screenshot on Twitter but
The best thing is that I smoked a joint myself. But
Well, I don't care.
He is a big fan of Teresas and collaborates in
teles alseo sometimes talking about
Martha is rich and Antonio likes him a lot.
Marta theme is worth 100,000
ff total F total the tilino eh F total the
Tino 100,000 subscribers another 20 bucks
I billed my doctor from the same girl
100,000 subscribers on telesalseo this
night and 3000 members that is possible
because there are more than 3000 people here and
We see it then, that responsibility
with me like other things with my parents
and now that I have the possibility to
do it
I did it and it makes me very angry to have
wasted four hours
to be with this person who
surely
will occupy and distort the entire
clear information
You just misrepresented it a lot, I don't know.
I'm not saying it so that they'll have me either.
They are suddenly pitying him now
I don't know what he said Now I don't know what
will have said now is subscribed to
telesalseo because he doesn't want you to arrive
At 100k the haters should give him a
lesson and get you biceps
flexed medium light skin tone
applied the
flooded his house face with raised eyebrow no
but I don't know what the hell it is
said Now
They are giving him a lot of money. No
I know what he said, look, see what Bey said.
something now what happens is that we are
delayed like 20 minutes in the video
man, it's going to take a long time but ha
said something has said something that
that suddenly they are giving him a
a lot of pasta I don't know what there will be
I didn't say it to him either so that I
Say Oh I thank all the
people who are doing what
They are doing it to me right now but it is the
anger with me
I was already very upset and that's why
I just agreed to do that debate without
that it was broadcast live because I
that what I wanted most was to end up with
this and I foolishly believed, I foolishly believed
that we were going to talk about him
statements in the podcast without fear of
success which was not the case as they are going to be
account for four hours with 15
minutes if the full video is uploaded
and if he's really going to upload it Tan
as soon as I have it because what is going to happen
what will happen is the following
surely uploaded the only part in the
Which Well I made a mistake because of
Out there I promise you, friends, everything
In the video there is not a single thing in which
he can refute me or he can tell me
something and you will realize if it is
what do they put there then?
I feel really bad about myself for having
wasted in fact yesterday ending up at
one in the morning and you can see it
still in history on instagram at the
one fifteen one twenty and I went up one
story telling I just finished the
video
I felt very bad in fact I couldn't
sleep then then fortunately I
I was able to wake up to go to today's
cenotes as I also put on Twitter
and in my stories and that's why I
disappeared for a couple of hours and until
right now I'm doing that's why this
live streaming transmission
And well, I'm here to ask you for one.
sorry for lying
because I accept it just as I asked
Dallas to do it all the time
video and he didn't do it at any time
Dallas accepts that he is wrong in no way
moment is not even able to say yes
I was wrong, no
My mistake was lying about a
video I made In that video I insist on it
You can search for it on Twitter
people
rather what I am saying is yes
You have a vitamin deficiency if you
immune system is weakened
You can use vitamins that are not either
that case is a lie, that is, if your defenses
are low and you have some condition
doctor I don't know how diabetes as use
chronic metformin because obviously
You're going to need vitamins, I said so.
Here if you are healthy you do not require
vitamins suddenly use these
vitamin serums do not take pills
will improve your immune system
because it already is or because there is no
need
Sure but if you have a condition
medical that can lower your defenses
and more than your defenses, your absorption or
the intake of your nutrients you could
need vitamins and there Yes it is worth it
It's a shame that you went to your doctor. It was a shame
error I insist that video I am
accepting here and I am so I am
doing this live stream on
this moment because
Well, because I have always tried to be
very consistent I insist Why did I refuse
during those minutes during those ten
fifteen minutes before the existence of that
video because the truth is that it was already very
broken down and say No I don't want that is
He came very angry and very frustrated that
he actually took an hour and
half almost talking about the subject of his father
when I had asked him before
that I shouldn't do it and he insisted and said and
that and that they insisted that I ask him
an apology and I said no and really
At that point I wanted to leave but
I wasn't going to leave because I probably would
What I was going to do was distort the video
Now how do you realize
that he decided to take now so that he
done XD
those 15 minutes because they are the only ones
that what he will have said we will pass it on
Uncle, what did he say to make you
They are suddenly donating so much money to him
but if he does it it's okay but if he doesn't
He does it then. But well, I hope so.
truth from the heart that this person
stream the video put it in full
so that you can see what it is like
that we actually talked about in the tweets
You can look for it today, he says I know
that many will say that he won me the
debate but I'm going to show you that it's not
It's that clear, but if they are saying it
already with what they have shown
But if they are saying it already with what
With what you have shown, they already are.
saying that what is agreed upon
says what he does now is live
wasting your vacation time with
his parents' blue victimhood that he is grateful for
to Dalas who gave him 20 million
visits and was able to take his parents to
Cancun, very good score, very good score
wors
50 members have just been given away, what a [ __ ]
craziness
If World has just given away 50 members
and we were almost 70 which means that
We have more than 100 members in this
direct hit more than 100 members kid
more than 100 kid members
how long would it take to see
how long would it take to reach 3000
I'll tell you in a second
2584 more today There are 2700 of us
speaking that we are missing approximately
about 300 members a lot We are missing a few
300 members
about 300 members to reach 3000
What happens is that of course we won't be able to do it
know
about 300 members and we reached 3000
we would be very based
100,000 100,000 in telesat and 3000
members here tomorrow I won't show up tomorrow
I'm going to Grandma's town tomorrow I'm here
out there and that's what they put on their Twitter
then I said, well yes because you know that
not at any time and say there was
moments that I actually loved
Now that I'm back from vacation, and it's
What I tell you is that I don't like to transmit or
start talking on the podcasts because
I speak, I speak, I speak, I speak and I speak and
I talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and
I speak and in fact that was what
bothered me in the puse It's that this guy
He just talks and talks and talks. Well, yes.
Friend, I do not keep quiet, I talk and talk and
I talk and talk and talk so much that
That's why the neighbors here got angry.
side but well this one is already gone
Ah, there were several moments that I
They loved the hotel's location
nice Eh from the video but I'll make them a
video when I get back from vacation I'll
I'm going to go because that's why they're playing
This one, Javier, we are not going to subscribe to.
say a kiss
How could I not subscribe? Hey, this is me.
a hater saying in the chat that you don't
you are going to subscribe
Oh, this new wave has gone away for me.
I'm going to do one
reaction I believe to the debate if it is
go up that the truth is that I believe that it
what is going to happen is going to be that what is
He's going to release it in a month like that.
Oh well, I wasn't interested and what did he care about?
urgent the only thing I wanted was to get something out
like this so why make me look bad
me but the reality is that he doesn't have it
How courageous that he doesn't want to apologize
dock is not bad but it says it has
took out this clip to try to leave me
bad to me but the truth is that it is not
has to not have what
It's the only thing you're going to have. But oh well.
This is the only thing, there were times that
I loved them, there were moments that I
I loved them, it's just that I didn't
You did some research that I did study. Hahaha
Even Wikipedia says so, I told him yes but
You don't have a degree but I did study.
the first semester But you don't have a degree
university student Let's see, don't say it Dallas that
You don't have a college degree You don't
you have the university and you don't have the
university you don't have the university
So tell me, let's see what's left.
silent like that because it is the truth that
You are a classist. I have never destroyed
classist lies I'm not saying that
you feel less for not having the
university is something else
If he said something classist, not in the video.
today's
I want to feel your body next to mine
Because
if he said something classist in today's video
I'm going to upload the debate with what it is
was
No, no, no, I did study. No, no, no, I did study.
that nobody studied what they didn't
They studied what it says that what it doesn't
studied are about two nobody
No, but you said that if not, what
Yes, maybe I don't have the capacity, I said yes.
you don't have the ability if maybe not
you have the ability because that is something that
You are going to answer no but it is that as
You may tell me about this that I
But well, I'm going to give a reaction now.
I'm leaving friends this was the only thing that
I wanted to do
I feel calmer now, I feel
calm to be able to talk with
you to be able to explain to them what it was
what happened And again an apology
because it has not been consistent
for those who haven't gone to see the video
Well, go see it there if you want.
review in fact I asked him and I also told him
Hey, I confronted him and told him why.
you deleted the comments from the other video
but it's because I couldn't
answer me wanted to tell me why I
You call me a psychopath. Let's see, tell me, I told him.
see what the DSM-5 criteria are
I don't care, it's just that I told him You me
you said psychopath yes or no
You tell me that I called you a psychopath and you
you are offended but you told me
You also called me a psychopath.
yes or no he is probably a liar there
another part of the video that apart from not
he put it and I didn't either because in the
edition was not done by those from Ukraine
where it is denied and where where they say the
video in fact if you can send it to me
I would appreciate it because the truth is that
I'm going to be on vacation right now and
Now I'm going to disconnect from
This will be one of the last few
Things you're going to know about me this
I told him in his live broadcast of
a year ago with his dad's thing when
I was transmitting, he put this one on, yes
has the opportunity to go to the doctor
avoid it then If they find it I
Coming back I'll look for him
transmit it this
put it on me send it to me send it to me so that
I uploaded it at once and I didn't forget
because in one part of the night
because I know they are very gossipy
So if you find it there it must be there.
look for it in the video and the other one that you
I was going to say what I was going to tell you right now
is that I was saying Ah what I tell you
that it couldn't be done, I laugh at him because
apart for [ __ ] [ __ ] then me
I made this one laugh like him when
when I realized I couldn't count
really like the Jordi meme when
I was on Big Brother, do you remember?
that the Big Brother Meme couldn't be
tell that this Jordi has six
five-point props To distribute
between three people they couldn't do it
I told the slobberer you see the
importance of finishing school because
He couldn't count and he didn't like it. But oh well.
I don't want to tell you any more. I hope that
This person uploads the full video of
true because if not then we already know what
what are you going to do
friends Now I feel much more
Calm down, I'm going to go for a walk.
I can get into the pool because I'm already
They are closed right now but I feel
very peaceful, very peaceful and now the mass
finished and for the people I insist
that despite this they say it will be
Nobody but without studies
university students hit him right in the mouth
to see always recommended that I studied and
that you form that you make one
specialty a profession a career
that you take advantage of the time because the
Years later, years pass and you find yourself at 30
years and [ __ ], [ __ ], with 30 years you can
have a [ __ ] awesome resume, yes
You have spent your youth well
study and train yourselves, you understand that
there is time for everything then always
It is always highly recommended
that you have a career and that if you have
coconut for people who can't there are people
who doesn't know But if you are smart and
You have Coco and you are worth it. Get a degree.
Whatever you like is worth whatever it is
Medicine of law teaching what
It's okay, but study and become a person
cultured and well-read people and people
studied okay yes I wish I could
go back to 17 years old Okay but I can't
I can't but you guys do have people who
you are those ages
or even less 20 30 whatever if
you can study
finish it don't aspire to more get one
race uncle me For example I would have
been a person with a brain to have
done two or three races two or three
races but as I thought I was
It's cooler to smoke in the square and drink
litrona and put me in the disco all
the [ __ ] day I tell him flirting and stuff
Well, of course I lost all my youth.
in not having studied well to work
sharing with one with a cucumber Okay
then do not be like me, for I have
been lucky in life that has been
This is worth it, the same thing is not going to happen to you.
Luckily, it's okay for me that nothing will happen to you.
same luck as me if you have
Coco, that is, if you don't have Coco you're not worth it.
Well, don't waste your time, but
Get what you can, a fp, whatever
Okay
But the fact that you don't have
career or not having studies does not imply
that you are stupid that you are a nobody
There are many people who suddenly do not have
career and suddenly a lot occurs to him
get promoted a lot in a job
He has a lot of Coco and suddenly he knows
a thousand things but it does not imply having
studies with being nobody or being an idiot
or whatever is valid or is not implied
each one has a circumstances in which
different life and skip to the life of
one way is worth it but man, not to either
see people looked down on because they don't
have a study
Let's see, you can blame him.
someone who has no education but
depending on the context it is worth By
example if someone is you He is
laughing at you for your knowledge
I don't know or about a specific subject
Okay
Well, it's not like I've committed any wrongdoing.
I insist a crime not Or that I have done
something mortal or I insist that I have been
accused of pedophilia or that I
I'm literally making fun of the
deaths of other people's parents
like other people if they do it let it be
accused of violence and have many
complaints in my country That would be something
delicate and they throw me away this super
burned and what he is saying is that the
Galaxy has been accused of pedophilia and
that Dallas has a lot of complaints
gender violence in your country complaints
that we have already seen the whole world of it
that they are going And how they have ended or so
pathetic guy I mean you're finished you're
literally finished you are finished
Completely finished. They will never have that.
and I have not been. They cannot let me.
find absolutely nothing I insist My
mistake was having lied about that
feeling in check and being there for three hours
and how will you notice in the order
from the video if I insist he uploads it
complete There it is and take care of yourselves
friends I was thinking of making a ten video
minutes and look it takes 40 Take care of yourselves
you win and I'm going to the podcast today
Podcast comes out And it's not that it's already there
premiering and tomorrow this is the podcast of
today is very good It's about this envelope
what is the envelope called
Elon Musk didn't even finish the race.
kisses and many youtubers have suddenly
found you know by his personality by
his talent whatever it is or is but not
count on that or don't count on it
suddenly you're going to have a life of
movie No, I'm not going to study because
I'm going to be like Elon Musk or I'm going to
be like ElRubius you know no [ __ ] yes
You are worth whatever China has for you.
Well, it will pass and whatever comes will come out.
Okay, but you are worth it if you are worth it and you have
Coco do it for real I understand the anger
from Dallas because of his stepfather but
why does he make it public obviously?
would receive criticism in addition to having the
haters that he has
Okay, but that is comparable to another
example that is occurring to me but
I'm not going to tell you. Hey Javi, why?
keep defending Dallas And you know how
It's Denisse How is it that she just ate
this again and the same thing always happens
If it's always the same, son, I
I don't agree 100% with everything
that gives the says but the truth is that
Regarding these characters it always happens
the same
on the main topic HIV is a
A very good story is by Carlos de
really go see the video it's very
Well, there is a lot of chili, it became a clown
Look there they are filling the box with
filling out the comment box
I have a friend with a degree, we study
together I earn more than him and no
We respect and do not believe any of us
better than the other because a title does not give you
It makes a person worse or better but lying
It is a Pawn to see a better or worse person
but it can make you better or worse
professional or better or better or worse or a
more cultured person to a more cultured person
prepared to know if what can do to you
Seeing is not to belittle or much
less Let's see, it doesn't imply that they are more or
less intelligent but it does make you
a more prepared person with more
preparation with more [ __ ] to see if you have
studied you have studied the studies I
I am not one of those people who
I would always recommend that to everyone.
you have, let's go more than anything because I
I wish I could go back and do it myself.
that I would have ended up here
Even if I had races, I would have finished.
here because this is what I like
and I would surely have given up
put Csar SEO here to comment
salsa and would have ended up here doing
gossip but with two races it's worth it but
I wish I had done it, I wouldn't have
had the youth that I wasted
understand that's why damn if you have my
experience is like I tell you many times
to many youtubers regarding mistakes
that they commit and the mistakes they make
my experience uncle that I have arrived
here bare-chested and I have committed
a lot of mistakes damn well take my
example so you don't make them
take my example to avoid making them
you
Well, I don't know if I should get with them
hater comments uncle I have
It's late, it's 4:20
Tesa, you're going to be left with honey in your
lips you will be left with honey in
the lips of
of the 100,000 tonight
you're going to be left with the honey in your mouths
lips of tonight's 100,000
Karime we have stayed look Son I'm going to
update
99.332
668 missing
668 subscribers are missing
Let's get to 100,000 SEO points.
Even if you have wasted your youth
Life gave you style and Luke
eternal that many would want at your age
King Let's see if I look like I'm 60 years old or
70 [ __ ]
Let's see, I'm 37, well, I'll be 38
next month
there is no neutrality at the moment in which
to believe that a title makes you someone
we read the comments of the bad guys
in
the one in this afternoon's video
wow, the truth is that it has had a lot
fabric
the truth is that it has had
the comments on the video this afternoon
many fabrics
The truth is that the video has really impressed me
worked like a charm, one thing doesn't take away
the other one, eh, the video has gone to hell for me
[ __ ] more than many videos of the main
Let's see how many reales he has.
the video has reached me
Ramn has 40,000 reales Dallas told him
Nobody for not having fame with that
Logically, their Pambis would be nobodies.
also
some real analogies that give me a
laziness yes it is true uncle How bad is he
Dala supports me until there you have it
It's loaded that I'm going to take things
so truly because many times
You are looking for analogies and nonsense
I don't even know what you mean by that.
that man I don't know at what moment Dallas
made that comment Mr. Doctor and in
what context is worth Calling someone two
no one for not having
Calling someone a nobody for not having
followers For not having followers no
For not having studies and a career, well, no.
he is right, the truth is he is not right
Okay Calling someone a nobody when
is sucking every last drop out of you
blood
lying about you and even laughing at you
the death of your father because he loves you
get followers because in fashion and
also seen because you are the voice bag
from the internet, well, it's a little disgusting, right?
I know Send me the comment If you want
I truly say my opinion
many times you already want to be thicker
Let's see the comments that they don't give me
I'm not really lazy, either.
Look, I'm in a suspender and I'm teaching
shoulders do you want us to see
comments or we leave
Do you want us to see the comments or
come on
let's see
the boy's analogy is true
But those are the analogies that make me
every day those kinds of comparisons
and things like that
Let's see, let's see.
Javi you complain about the Followers of the
Doctor, but you are already doing less.
whatever the doctor answered
Javi you complain about the Followers of the
Doctor, but you are already doing less.
whatever the doctor answered
let's see
I already without seeing yesterday's video I'm going to
pay the lights now and I'm stuck here
I'm relaxed now without watching yesterday's video
of the doctor, that is, the one who went up there
when the debate ends like this with the
sad face I don't know what I already have, the doctor
I've been watching it for a couple of weeks now
of the ways that it has the forms that
has and it disgusts me a lot
way of being that the videos make
because he reminds me of Maestro Joao
It reminds me of the master Joe. Oh yeah, come on, I do.
Yes, I want fame, mention me, you understand?
You are a visiting bread and that's fine because
Of course it's okay to be a pansito But
Of course it's okay to be bread
I visit
The only problem here would be to be
fan of this doctor or come on I can you
say a list of YouTubers that pisses you off
I mean it seems like it makes me very
It's funny that they call you little bread as if
it was something derogatory and like but now
I wish all communities were
like the pampisitos
people who reason, people who, that is, I know that
Plus you have to see these
comments that we are going to read here are not
bread visits or these comments that
Let's see here they are opposites to bread
little bisito and now you when we finish
the extract tell me if you want to be bread
bisito or be like these okay
The doctor and Dallas are uploading tweets
to say what happened before uploading it no
Only Dr. Ojal gives the raise
full debate and hopefully reactions to it
Uncut debate, hopefully not from Claro
What am I going to do? I'm going to watch the debate.
complete If you pretend that I mark myself
that a 4-hour live show that a
My reaction to a 4-hour video can
be equivalent to how many 20 15 hours
How much
I mean, obviously I have my doubts that
I'm going to put myself here The Debate of 4
full hours surely catch to
places and will give me a summary or good or
We'll be fed up with it
react to all the extracts that go
to go up dala okay but I'm going to do it for you
say already uncle or really no
suffer more and do not bleed more than you
I'm telling you, it's worth it.
I'm already saying that the 4 hours are the
Dallas eating the other one
that the other one thought he was very cool
Because people like him were applauding him
you and you have made some illusions
that they have truly fulfilled us, that is how it is
I'm telling you now. Trust me.
word I'm telling you now
four hours are at the same good Al
same level as that click Is that this
The clip has been wonderful, the one that has been
published today but there are other clips that are not
they are the worst, that is, really
If it's true And if you catch the turkey
this one who is asking for debate to this one
layer that I took it in the debate and it was
pathetic here you have the debate look here
you have my debate with the cape what
Do you think what would happen if Dallas finally won?
one day he becomes aware of it because he is going to
the same thing will happen that two people are going to hit each other
weeks this type of communities
Dallas, you don't want to face him head on.
Because you fear something
Dallas papped clear puts many
layered conditions because not because you know
what is going to happen to you
nothing and when it gets crazy there he gets on the
debate the other will be left as if it were
Raymito, if it is true, if it is true
history is already written and it repeats itself
every week
To me, let's go, to me, it would seem the most
smart then don't challenge Dallas
debate continues making the videos continues
doing things and don't challenge him to a
debate is worth high and your move that not even you
You think so, but at least you have
There are people who will dance for you
Whatever you say, Jesus is already there.
Javi, really, everything Dallas does
you justify it
lie or literally everything that
do not justify it I justify what
You are right that it is very
usually Javi but realize By
God is not hate but you must have an opinion from
a neutral point and what you do is
throw yourself towards the Dallas side
I throw to the side that comes out of my
balls really that I'm fed up
Damn, I'm fed up with
tell me what I have to say, let's see
You must give your opinion from a neutral point of view. No
I have to give my opinion from a neutral point of view
neutral can be the pH of the shampoo and
neutral may be the best
laundry detergent
but I give opinions on my channel
that comes out of my dick
but it's not the one that comes out of my dick
I'm telling you what I think
and sincerely for you for this Club
1897 would be neutral for me to give him some
point in favor of this clown doctor
and I can't give you even one at the moment
point Hey if from time to time when they go
putting the clips because if there is any
point on which I agree with him
Doctor, I'll say it.
but at the moment he is doing the
ridiculous So what do you want me to do?
to comply is what they are asking me to do
This is basically what they are asking me for
Basically, I don't do anything on my channel.
my opinion or I do not take sides
in the other, it's like you're telling me that
in other stories that I'm not going to
mention name that I have to give a
A point in favor for each one, let's see, man.
We are stupid. How many joints have you smoked?
stoned guy
How many joints have you smoked?
How many joints? Or what point do you want?
tell the doctor what it is
you want respect for what you have
seen today tonight and yesterday what is it
What do you want the doctor to tell him?
Hey, what they want is that they want that
They want you to because they like it because they want it
that stops for Hey so they stay
They are happy for me to do as they please
example like the cell
no Really So no
You talk about the 3 of the doctor conditioning
but not what Dallas published
The ones that Dallas published are saying the
truth without more than what has been published
There will be people who agree with him.
This doctor is a clown and he goes to
The 4 hours that he gave me, that's not what it is.
that has been put on the wing
dude they're really trying to trick me
They are trying to make me see things differently
manner
These are the stories that he uploaded.
story that the doctor uncle uploaded
He can already see in your face that they have
taken a beating of the century
man, let's see, it's not my [ __ ] problem
take redoxon if you have the problem no
It's my [ __ ] problem, it's not, let's go, that I
They are saying that I am not neutral man
Let's see, I don't like to mention anyone
gossip channel but come on I'm going to do it
a session I'm going to be a man session
This is neutral, you think this
is neutral
none is neutral each one has its
love It seems that this is neutral by God
none is neutral Hey, what do you like more?
the opinions of one than of the other, then
go to the Channel that you like the most
opinions mine is what it is and passes the
time and I do not back down from that opinion
and time passes and I'm not going to screw that up
contrary opinion every time every time
the
I sign it more and more, I am more and more emphatic
in the same position
really
Dallas is going to say that the video was damaged or
that can only recover parts of it
save this comment Well then here
Elena is engraved if she has it welded
I will think that what I think is very bad
you have to do the Dallas I'm going to tell you
what I think has to be done is worth it
and in fact what I am going to recommend to you
Okay, I don't know if I've told you yet.
but what I think has to be done
Dallas is all [ __ ] week long
this and until part until mid-August
more or less it's worth it because if you're me
saying that it is 4 hours, well that is enough
by mid-August or so
take out a damn extract every day
take out a damn extract every day and
when I finish taking out all the
excerpts upload to your main channel
one edited in a fun way with the
best moments like this super edited with
you take out and with things and in it without filter
put it on premiere at 4 o'clock
you find out that's what I should do
the dala In my opinion if you don't do that
Well, your channel will know what it wants.
but for me that is what I would have
to do and get every last drop out of it
every last cent to that doctor
Someone explain this to Javi Argoseira
These sick people ask you to be neutral
but they are the first to applaud him
like seals to nauter each video please
I don't know neutrality Hey moderators when
Comments like that come, I really don't like them.
Don't mention anyone, I've already said no
No one mentions each one who has his own
position and opinion just like mine
mine and that's it. Okay, don't come here.
get in if I'm not mentioning
neither to the Turbo plan nor to any of those that
they do it we have our
community and our ideas and our
opinions
will leave the others and each one will go
wherever you really want, don't send those
super chat I ask you please Someone
Let me explain to Javier Argoseira. In other words,
when something is putting on you it will go away
already already
you or so this is not a person who is
a follower of the doctor
a person who suddenly becomes a follower
of the doctor and supports him because he is
Doctor fan doesn't know you Lore de
Argos and I don't know what And that they call me
dog and I don't know what
It is already known, it is already known
It is already known
Where it comes from, what kind it comes from
Okay
that Dallas made a video making fun of
those who post and cry on social media for
the death of his parents saying that
They just want to profit by causing pity and that
under that logic then dala neither
It should be, okay, very well, I'll buy it from you.
If I see that video of Dallas, then I'll tell you.
Wow, well, it's very bad, let's see, I'm in
agreement
in that there are many times what happens is that
Of course I'll have to listen to this clip myself.
from Dallas and listen to the context and the
tone because of course just like you
you explain and the analogies you make to me
Well maybe it's true or maybe
It's not worth it, but I, for example, always
I criticize, but not in a bad way.
everyone can do what they want but I
for example to Gloria Camila and Marta
risk these days people have been gossiping about it
Well, for example, I have criticized
more assertive way not as it is
This guy is saying that maybe
are in a problem of depression or something
for the style and
upload a video, make it blank and
black, put music on it, you know
It would be great to give the option to farm
I made them sick Gerardo, a kiss
is already beginning to announce that they are going to edit the
video with the pretext that it will then be
will be uploaded in full on a secondary channel
smaller than lack of impartiality
Javi again with What a lack of
impartiality but of course I am a
partial but if this is a channel of
opinions but this guy
surely yes if my impartiality were
hitting the dala and telling him that
He has sticky hair and stuff like that
Okay, and telling her Julivita and I don't know what
I don't know how much certain that is
impartiality would not matter to Claro
that I am impartial but well let's see
you believe at some point
So let's see what then
You want me to stand here in the
direct to
just watch the video and stay here
in a corner, quiet and not saying anything
Well, I'll tell you what I think and what I
It pulls more on one side than the other but
Come on, it would be the last straw if I threw myself away.
more on the doctor's side we go
You have to have balls to get started
on the doctor's side
It makes me laugh because they tell you how
If it were a crime you know
Now Dallas has hit a wall.
He likes to hang out with half-witted people and
This makes him look very intelligent. But
Now he really faced someone Superior
what we do
well, that's it
Dallas made a mess And yesterday Javi
saying that the doctor was going to do it
but the doctor was more stupid
It makes me laugh like everything Javi does
Dalas also criticizes the doctor
XD I don't know if Javier knows at this point
that he is a hypocrite when Dalas is
treats or is still in the bubble of
Stockholm syndrome this kid doesn't
will know neither what nor what nor what has
commented
I mean, this kid doesn't even know what
will have commented
of narcissistic personality disorder
The narcissistic person Dallas surrounds himself with
flying monkeys this boy Javi others
seems to play that role How sad but
everyone will pay what they owe
Dallas was the one who made it look bad as if his
computer is useless with so much
money that you have can't have one
good computer that with all the
transmissions that are already given there
He says his computer is failing.
In the end everything was as per the conditions
Dallas as always recorded for
manipulate because son if you do it
pill to the doctor is because the one who is not
the doctor is ready
When will you realize Javi I am
Dallas fan but I'm not
a sheep to agree on everything
What Mister Doctor says this time has
reason
It is understandable that you have some
bias for dala because you had very
good relationship but that doesn't mean that
defend him on issues where he does not have the
reason is that it is a lie I do not defend him
In the subject I explain to you as a small child
so you don't get lazy if Dallas calls
to someone with no one for not having fame
So all those who have no fame
They are nobody according to Dalas
Okay, but there are two nobodies on YouTube.
Oscar Explain it to me with clay, son.
that you are much smarter
Explain it to me If a person
has no fame
They are two nobodies on YouTube.
or not
Let's see, tell me
I do not defend him on issues where he is not
He is right, I defend him on issues
where the point has it
I followed you very faithfully but since
You blank Dallas and I don't have you anymore.
credibility How strange that giving it is
hurt so much Lola Thank you so much
There are some comments that say
your uncle is that we are in
2023 uncle
Ah look this is good but of course
you understood that it was the other doctor if you
you've seen the tweets before and for the
that they didn't see it that Obviously they are going
to believe is worth regarding the subject of whether I
Something happened here yesterday live
Something happened to me yesterday here live.
And it is that basically
There was a moment where I said
Don't read those comments Javi, they make you sick.
face vomiting no But simply
I don't know, but I know that they can be seen
as they sound there was a click there that we saw
that I said uncle me when I saw the video I
When I saw the video I understood that the
doctor no So the doctor in the tweet
It's not the same as the doctor in the video
Do you remember that moment from the live show?
yesterday I was like F no because I said
Host: Well, of course, maybe I'll say it myself.
I understood it best because I do know
that that doctor is another doctor Because
Also, that other doctor follows me.
continue because it's the doctor that I don't know what
I made a video about Amuran on a
which he denied about anchoring me not
I agree with La Movida but
It's true, Javier almost agrees with the
two with the tweets, well no wizard
Well no. Look, before that there was
made another clip in which it is understood
I believe
If it is understood I think it is not being understood
referring to the same doctor with the thing about the
tweets are worth it
that is, in this in this other click that
comes before in this other click that comes
before
It is understood that it is not the same doctor
of the tweets that Mr. Doctor
okay because if not it wouldn't make sense that
censor the Twitter account
What you have is the same garbage strategy
in the same garbage strategy as
did this doctor here okay it's not the
same as the one in the videos
I understood it, that is, I understood it directly.
I understood, huh
trash
that is sick in the head is to play
with the words people as soon as
you have ok
But well, if in any case it is that
You are already seeing the analogies that we
do and the things that relate to it
Well, that's it, they're not going to do it.
understand me understand me they are not going to
understand that they are going to understand that
no that it has not differentiated between a
doctor and the other one is already there, nothing happens
many people don't, well, that's it.
good people
It's a shame we're going to leave because
Yes, I'm leaving alone, you understood it. Yes.
I invested, I am the only one who did it
understand What a shame that we are going to leave with
99,362
What a shame we are going to leave with
99,362 subscribers
in telesalseo
99,362 uncle
If you keep listening to those comments you
They're going to hurt my liver, no, I don't read. No.
I usually read it
not only read the comments because
I have five channels and I can't read them.
comments or rather I'm uploading video
pim pim and as I always say
newscasts I read the Super thanks
The mistake is to say that Dallas said Don
Nobody told people when it wasn't like that.
He told the doctor because he believes that
Seeking fame will be someone Good point Good
period No but it's that you know what you
makes you put one thing together with another
As if they all had the same context
and the same situation in the end does not affect him either
We are going to give it anyway.
whatever you explain to him, he won't do it.
They are going to get off And if tomorrow instead of the
doctor leaves
suddenly some new kids come out
messing with the dollar will give you the
reason to the kids
I didn't turn it around, okay?
Don't give it any more thought, it's just that they don't work.
get out of there guys
I'm going to unbutton my shirt, I'm going to
record some video for three to SEO
while I eat an ice cream and leave
I'm going to sleep tomorrow I'm going to sleep tomorrow
be in grandma's village
skipping the diet again no
training
I'm very sorry that we stayed
99,363
I know that I know that we are abusing the
stop crying Javi if I have a
crew member crying I know we are
abusing the kids a lot so that
Help the Lordship But well I feel sorry
I'm really sorry we're stuck at 600
uncles
I feel sorry for staying at 600, man. Look at Word.
has just given away another 20 members
let's wait for them to ring to give it a
applause and a kiss in the chat to borce
Man, I'm really sorry we're staying at 600
uncles
You've all run out of multi-accounts
already
Have you run out of multi-accounts or what?
no longer Well we've arrived in a way
natural not at any time no
In the following days we will arrive from
natural way no
Javi stops defending the indefensible
anvil I defend what comes out of my
[ __ ] makes that really yes
man, but they have this video of the doctor
from today and continues
Now it turns out that the term Nobody
It separates into fields and what is most important is a
nobody in agriculture XD someone
I would say that haha
and he is a nobody in agriculture
Yes, or literally yes.
Yeah
So let's see if Dalas has told him
Nobody to someone for not having fame
and he specifically told the doctor
Not to all those who are not famous
Of course it literally works like this.
but of course or whatever
all those who do not have fame are not two
nobody maybe there is someone who doesn't
have a reputation
and be very important in the commission
European market if that exists
But hey, it's okay, my friend. I'll tell you.
I understand perfectly, I love you
A lot, eh Oscar, thanks for your super
real chat thanks for your super chat
Thanks a lot
Dallas is almost a nobody in the
Your Honor, that's why context matters.
Dalas for the lady is not any famous person
they don't know who he is
Mine we are going to reach at least 99,500 me
It would be even more annoying to reach 99,500
Listen to what I'm telling you, but let's go, no
which has not remained at 99,371
and I think it's already organic
We can't do anything else anymore
I would have liked to end the night with
the 100,000 in teles to the seo but I
I imagine you have already exhausted all the
odds
The lady is already getting to know Dallas
yes yes
your body
together
with you
If you want to leave Oscar, leave
Oscar calm
He has his opinion and his criteria already
is here today all the rules are respected
I also tell you opinions
gabrielazo Thank you very much
all opinions are respected here
Oscar you are a genius, few pay
to humiliate oneself
Well, hey, don't tell him that, leave what he
done
132 new members today
not Bat
not the direct
Javi, put memes on your videos, he'll tell you.
I think the editor is putting it, eh? I told him.
that I put little things
I love haters donating more for
Please kara smiling with sunglasses
face crying with laughter but it's just me
I think many are very big fans of
This channel
I think that I think that many are very
followers of this channel I think they are
hater but not from Dallas
What happens is that they get angry because
with me because I defended him and not
They want me to have Defenders and things like that
They are harassing attitudes. Today I saw in
Twitter I think the cat put it there
kitten I think he put it that it was like
a people going to the Isi's Instagram to
They do that to Lorena too
people going to Instagram delight
to ask him for explanations about things
Dallas
it doesn't matter
Okay guys
See you tomorrow. Well, tomorrow I don't know if
we'll see each other if something happens
important I'll come here tomorrow
[Music]
That is, he cheated on him, you're saying that
Dallas agreed not to talk about his dad and
Luis Ramirez spoke, it's true, I just
accept that giving them cheated Mr. Doctor
Dallas has lost the Luis Ramrez debate
Look here you have Luis's comment
Ramirez, that is, cheated on him, you're saying
that Dallas doesn't talk to the sector about his dad
and spoke
boys caught
caught
Dallas mythomaniac
Guys, that changes everything, eh? Damn man.
because you haven't said it before
I dropped an idol
changes everything
That's not the Dallas I knew.
Dallas scammers confirmed
You guys think that's what this is about.
Dallas haters Do you think it will be
forever or do you think they will grow up? And that
either
They will evolve like butterflies
yes you totally admitted it dude
Yes yes yes good catch eh good take that one out
Hey
and I defended him there in everything
indefensible
and I defended him completely.
super indefensible kid
What a disappointment, there will be no other way
buy the vitamins from the doctor
We have been in this for 8 years. This will be forever.
It's true because we already have seven
Javi It's good to have haters, they give you more.
view Well the truth is that this topic
With the Mr. Doctor thing, the truth is
that I'm doing pretty well
we can't stay, we're going to finish
a very good July
17 more to go to reach 99,400
There are 17 multi accounts out there.
available please
subscribe to subscribe to the Channel that
It is pinned to the chat and you see the
live that we have uploaded today
and watch the live show we did today
how brutal
today's live show is brutally brutal
brutal telesalseo live, watch it
look at it brutally
Continue with the multi-accounts, they are already sold out.
I think they're already sold out, guys.
A big kiss. We love you so much.
See you, I don't know if I'll come tomorrow, okay?
tomorrow Friday maybe Friday and
Saturday I don't appear depending on the topics
that there is value, maybe not, maybe
I record videos, okay, but straight to the point.
better not worth it
Javi can I subscribe and when
we reach 100,000 I always leave and
when you don't go below 100,000
as long as you don't go below 100,000 O
whether you see that whether you see that they are in the
100,000 just don't go
missing
nine for
99,400 missing 9
nine to go to 99,400
If there is a video from Dallas, connect if
comes video of every morning To the
better for a little while yes but I don't think so
guys see you okay a kiss if you
loves a lot
[Music]